suspending judgment allows you to see more of the truth . suspending judgment of the self allows you particularly to see your inner truth . today 's astral configuration is wonderful for personal inquiry . are you doing things for yourself that aid your sense of well - being , or things that detract from it ? what kind of behavior do you see in your friends that you admire and would like to follow ? you have the freedom to choose your own health practices . $ giving ourselves the benefit of the doubt is something we all sometimes need help with . as we are so committed to a better future for ourselves and our loved ones , there is a tendency to judge harshly . however , the burden of responsibility does not rest with you alone ! give yourself the freedom to take care of yourself first , not the whole world . check in with yourself on a daily basis about your diet and exercise regimen . this is a true personal responsibility ! $ the current transit makes this a good time for a general cleansing - one that really should take place at least once or twice a year . look to your body and begin the cleansing process . plenty of water , of course , is very important the whole way through . if you are able , try to maintain a couple of days worth of strict dietary limitations , eating only raw fruits and vegetables . you might feel light and active and receive a lot of return energy if you pay attention to what your body tells you . $ with today 's planetary alignment , you may be inspired to break down outdated habits and stagnant patterns in order to move into the future with big , bold steps . you may be motivated to break down traditions deemed too difficult to take on . have you ever felt like making radical changes in your health practices ? a vegetarian diet ? an earlier hour of waking up in the morning ? now would be a good time to try something big but start gradually . $ you have never been one to blindly conform to the group , but you certainly do care what people think of you . it 's time to help them and yourself out and give them the information they need in order to really know you . you might want to first take a refresher course where you are concerned ! do you really know what you do and do not want ? disciplined exercise such as swimming and running give you the time to reflect on these questions while building your strength and self - esteem . $ you are always happy to drop the old and start anew , but sometimes it 's worth it just to stick to the routine . do you have a health routine ? this is an important discipline for you to adhere to , because of your natural tendency to dream about the future and forget about the present . in the present , you must pay attention to the adequate administering of healthy food and plenty of water . unless you still live with your mom , your health is up to you ! $ unfortunately for some of us , black tea and coffee consumption is known to weaken our vision . to help strengthen your eyes at this time , take tea brewed with the herb known as eyebright . beta carotene is found in foods such as carrots , apricots and cantaloupe - the liver converts this pigment into vitamin a , which is very helpful for night vision . take care of your eyes and create your vision of the future with enhanced precision . $ today 's transit encourages you to shower those you love with affection . this is something you may do inwardly all the time , but actually people need physical and verbal appreciation more than you sometimes realize . use this energy to give yourself the best of everything , too . have a breakfast with fresh fruit and whole grains , keep the fresh fruits and vegetables coming all day , and have a little protein with one meal . oh , and , water , water , water ! your energy will glow with this kind of treatment . $ you need lots of friends , but also sufficient quiet time to focus on her own inner needs . your goals tend to be people - oriented , but private time is what nurtures your ability to understand and set your goals . combining thought with exercise is a wonderful habit to develop . at least once a week , take yourself on a long run or walk , or simply hit the tennis ball against a wall . this physical outlet creates the space for you to clarify your thoughts without being annoyed with your friends . $ your adventurous spirit likes to explore , especially as today your mind could be buzzing with new ideas . thinking , talking , evaluating , dreaming - this is what you love doing , and these tendencies help you determine how to ease the suffering of others . however , in order to really know what others are feeling , you need to observe more than speculate . to not become overwhelmed with the issues and challenges others bring to your door , pursuing an art project or engaging in a music group can keep you balanced and grounded . $ with so many friends , you can be overwhelmed sometimes . do you manage to keep in contact regularly ? have you noticed that you have not heard from someone dear to you for a long time ? focus on what you have to give of your time and see if something creative comes to mind that can help you stay connected with the people you care about , despite your busy schedule . after all , your life would not be whole if you had to spend it alone . $ one of the best ways to improve your health is to give yourself more time . no , i am not talking about turning back the clock ! give yourself the time between activities to re - group and understand what you want and need to do next . when we rush from place to place , we lose our sense of purpose and regret the time we waste . even the choice of what you eat will be affected by giving yourself enough time to notice what you really want . $ you generally need a lot personal time to sort out your complex feelings about the world . try engaging in sports that can assist you in getting the most out of your personal time . long distance running , swimming , hiking and mountain biking all require significant time commitment , which you can then put to good use inside your head . healthy habits that meet your needs in combination are priceless . it 's a long life , and you will enjoy yourself more , and have more to share with others ! $ you love this time of year because it 's all about evaluating and planning . what can you do for your health that was lacking during the past few months ? if you prefer bottled water , do you have a water delivery service ? it 's cheaper than buying bottles . if you prefer organic produce , consider signing up with a monthly club that delivers local organic produce to your door for much less money than what you would pay at the market . plan for a healthy year ! $ today is all about reform . whatever can be improved upon , your soul is right on the scene . you finally want to start focusing more on your well - being . you are known for being focused on the greater good while sometimes egregiously ignoring the personal , the right here at home , the person looking at you in the mirror . get where this is going ? stop saving the world and get in a good workout . and pay attention to what your body is trying to tell you . $ you will benefit from eating fish instead of meat as often as possible . fish oil has tremendously beneficial effects on the nails and hair and do not tax the digestive system as red meat does . enjoy the lighter things in life : fresh vegetables , bean curd , soy products and herbal tea . even if you make substitutes only once a week , you will benefit in the long run from your effort . have you ever followed a recipe for fish or tofu ? try it ! $ you are capable of rising above the earthly plane and seeing straight into the future : but it 's a vision that can sometimes be quite difficult to share with others . to help merge this talent with more practical matters , forge a partnership in say , your exercise regimen . you can keep the long - term goals in mind and your partner can motivate you on the day to day stuff . together you can shape your goals into reality ! $ you tend to be a giver , but rarely to yourself ! are you tired ? exhaustion often results from a failure to plan . today 's planetary configuration gives you the perfect time to set up the next two weeks to most benefit you , you , and you . do not give in to stress and go with the high - fat content flow . plan ahead three healthy meals a week and stick to them . you can prepare delicious and healthy soup and keep it in the freezer ! $ your gift of sight usually serves you especially well . nurture your natural vision with sources of vitamin a and beta - carotene . do not rub your eyes if they are tired or itchy . there are better ways to find relief . use delicate eye moisturizer for the skin around the eyes . wear sunglasses to prevent sun damage ( yes , especially when the glare is strong ) . your vision is a gift - use it to see , and do , good in the world . $ give yourself the benefit of the doubt . your emotions may run high , but you still may have trouble catching up with them . today 's transit makes you especially sensitive to criticism , so keep your distance in order to you have perspective on where others may be coming from . a quiet , centering yoga session would be good . be gentle on yourself , nothing too tough ! ease your way into your emotional center . $ your creative efforts are beginning to show fruit , and this is cause for celebration . however , do not begin to neglect the regimented program you have been trying to follow regarding diet and exercise . now more than ever it is important to keep the internal pathways open - physically and energetically . at least three times a week you must exercise your body to let fresh energy bubble forth and old energy recycle on through the universe . you are aware of being part of something larger - act like it ! $ keeping up with your creative plans for the future is sometimes hard for your friends - and it can be also hard for your body ! you must dedicate as much energy to the present as you do the future . it will help you and your relationships ! regarding your health , it is especially important to consistently exercise and drink plenty of water . skipping these fundamental practices now could negatively impact your future . stay carefully tuned to your health regimen ! $ your spiritual nature is enlivened by today 's transit ! we humans have a special relationship with water . it gives us spiritual rejuvenation and makes us feel alive ! you may want to think about how much water you actually give yourself each day . water plays a vital role in how your skin looks , and whether or not you have regular digestive activity . eight full glasses a day will dramatically change how you look and feel ! $ waiting for the right time to start getting serious about your health ? that time is past . you must start today if you are asking yourself this question - it is never too late . the first step could be increasing the amount of water you drink each day . make this month the period of time you use to really watch how much water you drink and double it . most people suffer from effects of dehydration without even knowing it . are you one of them ? $ love gives us energy to get through life . loving your body helps , too . nurture your body with exercise and you will find yourself able to be more loving towards others . practice loving your body by carefully planning your meals days in advance . be thoughtful about your upcoming meals as though you were wooing your own body to join you in a lifetime of happy adventures - because that 's what you 're faced with , and whether you make them happy or not is up to you ! $ you are apt to see the bigger picture more clearly than the little one this week . you will enjoy socializing and making merry , if possible , but try not to skip over feelings while in the pursuit of accomplishment . whatever your plans are , be rigorous in keeping your daily exercise , a balanced diet and abundant rest and relaxation at all times , even the busiest ones . when you feel that you are floating away on the ethers of excitement , breathe deeply and ground yourself . $ the power to nurture others is inherent in your being . you have something to offer that all creatures need . but be aware that you yourself need to center regularly and find ways to recharge . in order to protect yourself from unforeseen difficulties , be prudent regarding your diet . eat the freshest foods possible and do not leave yourself open to illness or injury . it is in your nature to think ahead , so use this gift for yourself . $ always watch what you eat so that you feel your best at all times , and especially at stressful ones . we all tend to become distracted while chatting away or watching tv - we barely notice what we put in our mouths ! there are ways to handle these situations and most of them involve just a little bit of forethought . for instance , for every alcoholic beverage you ingest , drink one glass of water ( preferably with no ice ) . $ you have a knack for getting along well with others , and it 's time to turn your focus onto yourself and pay attention to what you want and need . this is not easy for you , and you will be glad to hear that the planetary transit is aiding those on difficult paths . creating a structure within which you can take care of your health needs is the best way to go : this way , you will not have to think about it . plan ahead including meals , exercise , rest and entertainment . $ the energy it takes to explain why you did not do something you should have is twice as expensive as the energy it takes to do something right . the stakes are even higher when it comes to your health . the energy it takes to eat well and exercise often is infinitely less than the energy it takes to deal with illness . take a moment to steer yourself in the right direction if tense , stressful times have put you off your usual health regimen . it s perfectly natural to turn to comfort foods and mood - altering behaviors in times of great uncertainty . it s okay that you ve perhaps leaned a little heavily on these creature comforts over the last many weeks , but given that this is a marathon and not a sprint , you now have the opportunity to adjust your course for the long haul . drink at least one glass of water for every glass of wine or soda , try to get more sleep , move more , experiment with checking the news only once a day , or every other day . $ you often make statements that are more profound than you are aware of , leading people to expect more from you than you realize . if you feel a little out of touch with yourself , take some time for self - care . make yourself the healthiest or most comforting dinner you can with what you have on hand . draw a hot bath and get to bed early with your favorite reading material . this will help you to know where you stand , and to re - establish the bond with yourself - thus making you more self - aware . $ this is a day for making yourself feel comfortable . if there is something on your mind that you need to unload , ask a friend to lend an ear . if you feel that you need more cardio exercise than you ve been getting lately , make today your first good home workout and feel the benefit of those deep breaths balancing out your body 's energy . $ your future starts today . a clear pathway is open to you so ask yourself : what do you want for your health ? do you want to ignore your body until invasive medical measures are required ? or do you want to have an informed , delightful experience of nurturing your body and your mind in a preventative fashion ? if you prefer the latter , maybe it 's time to invest in your choice of text : a healthy cookbook , a holistic hygiene reference , or a book on feng shui . $ when you feel unbalanced it 's a little more upsetting than it is for other people . for instance , when you break the routine in your exercise practice you tend to feel the effects quite strongly . you can use this sensitivity constructively . if you need to start a health practice and have trouble getting motivated , all you need to do is start and the energy rush you will get will make you want more right away . use this momentum to build a health regimen . $ with so much focus on politics , it is easy to lose track of the daily wellness program we all need to keep in order to stay healthy and take advantage of the many privileges we have in our modern society . this is a good time to take stock of what you have and how you can put it to its best use . take your body for example . can it do all the things you dream of doing ( realistically speaking ) ? work at it - gently . $ give yourself an inch and you might take a mile ! i recommend you bring that tendency poolside ! swimming is an exercise that benefits the body and mind , and it is not an expensive sport . whether you are a beginner or a high school champ , try to integrate this lovely , low - impact sport into your life . it strengthens your lung capacity while toning your whole body , and once you get on a roll it can be like meditation . weather permitting , it 's a wonderful bonus to be outside ! $ be good to yourself , because nobody else has the power to make you happy - george michael said that in one of his songs , and he might as well have been thinking of you ! you need to take the power into your own hands and create the physical reality you can be happy in . this means opening up your eyes to all that you wish were different about your body and taking steps toward a future form that is closer to your ideal . $ the planetary energy gives you the concrete desire to turn your most inspired thoughts into reality . if you see yourself as a long - distance runner but have never jogged a mile , run on down to the nearest sports equipment store , if possible , and just look at the shoes - maybe have a conversation with the person in charge of that section of the store . begin to help yourself feel comfortable in the areas you would like to grow into . baby steps all the way , kid ! impress only yourself . $ walking can be a great exercise for you now because it gives you time to slow down and concentrate on yourself . you may need to think certain issues over and clear up excess mental clutter , not to mention free - floating anxieties . walking ( or long runs if you are an accomplished runner already ) is a spiritual as well as a physical exercise and is highly recommended right now . $ the movement of the planets knocks everyone off their center a little bit , and for you this will typically mean reverting to behavior that do not exactly benefit you personally . that is , while trying to do the right thing you might not see the forest for the trees . noticing each and every try means getting through your days doing something nurturing for your body : lots of drinking water , plenty of fresh produce and a varied diet that alternate sources of protein : meat , fish and legumes . $ you may find yourself growing more involved in a physical relationship with someone you care about , and today 's aspect will greatly enhance your ability to approach matters of sensuality with openness . this regards how you approach yourself most importantly . your body is a vehicle for self - expression , and you must love your body in order to make love with it ! this means caring for it with regular exercise , a healthy diet and a conscientious approach to intimate relationships ! $ watch yourself in terms of giving more to other people than what you give to yourself . you may be under the influence of the present cosmic climate , which could bring your natural tendency of being your brother 's keeper to an unhealthy level . to make sure you stay centered , watch what you eat and take in very few ( if any ) carbohydrates for a few days . this exercise will get you to focus on yourself and also reduce the kind of sugar high energy which fuels distraction . $ there are many planets coming into your sign these days , and it will make you feel as though there is meaning in just about everything that happens . this is not necessarily the case but can definitely be distracting . to enhance the power , you can have during this time and minimize distraction , get regular exercise and drink lots of water . keeping your body and mind in tune with universal energy right now is priority . $ because you can see what needs to happen for the good of humanity - that is a special gift you possess - do not mean that you are the one to do it ! center yourself and all your insights with a regular exercise practice , and you will be in a better position to help the world you live in . yoga is a wonderful resource . the more you go the greater the benefit . do not worry about getting in shape . instead , focus on breathing and connecting to positive energy . $ the position of the heavenly bodies supports you with energy to really act on behalf of others . you enjoy the feeling of helping other people succeed against the odds . however , you must also pay attention to yourself , otherwise you will quickly grow resentful of what others have that you lack . this is called affliction . to avoid being afflicted , make your diet and exercise the priority no matter what . when you take care of yourself physically you notice all your other needs more readily . $ your tendency to go along with what everyone else is doing can sometimes give you the impression that what 's good for the group is good for you - and this is just not true . we each have an individual recipe for health , and it 's up to each of us to discover it and follow it religiously . plan a few meals to prepare at home this week . you may wish to invite others to join you , if possible , but know deep down inside that you 're doing it for you . $ your sign is going to be getting a lot of planetary attention throughout the next several months , so get used to hearing general statements , which may or may not necessarily apply to your particular situation . what is critical that you do , however , is pay straightforward attention to your body and its health needs . you must drink plenty of water and get regular exercise . there is something going on , and you must be prepared to get the most out of the energy that you possibly can . $ so many ideas - so little time ! you will feel light - headed these days with the current influence from the planetary alignment . and off you go , on to other realms besides this earthly existence . there is exquisite energy to be gleaned from journeys of the spirit , but the effect is only as good as your physical condition . ground yourself during this special time with a diet that includes fresh meals made with seasonal vegetables . earthy produce for a healthy mind . $ the position of the heavenly bodies will make you a highly sought out individual this week . people intuitively sense your wisdom and will knowingly or unknowingly ask that you help them with their problems . you must be aware of this so that you can keep track of your own energy level . you tend to become exhausted without realizing it . set yourself a bedtime this week and do not fail to meet it . limit your availability to others after dinnertime so that you have time to center yourself before bed . $ your climb upwards is sometimes greatly aided by the inspiration of a good view . today 's planetary energies enhance your ability to see the glass half full , or to see the beauty of your daily surroundings . improve what you do for your health by taking time to notice what you love about feeling healthy . notice the way you like to feel and aim to promote this state of being with what you eat and how often you exercise . $ you have never been one to abandon a course once set out on , however , you must get used to the little detours life shows us along the way ! rather than looking at these detours as setbacks , consider them as curves in the road that were too subtle to be realized when you were starting out . have faith that you 're still on the path ! support your sensitive nature by taking night - time or early morning baths with a few drops of lavender oil . $ today 's aspect is one of the most beneficial transits , emotionally speaking . often you feel torn between lofty pursuits and everyday living . lofty pursuits are easier , in a way ; difficulties arise with everyday living , where other people 's sensitivities clash with your own . the energy of the day helps you to verbalize and communicate in new ways that help your personal relationships . to increase the positive impact of this transit , take care to eat citrus fruits rich in vitamin c . $ you can be motivated to achieve a great deal under the influence of today 's celestial atmosphere . if you were running on empty recently , this is the boost of fuel that you needed to scale further heights . resentment can also be an issue during this transit so keep yourself healthy in every aspect : drink plenty of water , exercise every day , and eat foods that agree with your system . avoid junk food and excess sugar at all costs - that is not what you need right now . $ under the aspect of the day it would be advisable to watch out for miscommunication . you may want to pay special attention while making plans or setting up virtual meetings for work . operate under that assumption that if something can go wrong it probably will ! this is an opportunity to pay extra special attention to what you really need to communicate to others . when in doubt , call and confirm . also , watch your step - the likelihood of tripping is increased . $ you should be getting a break with the planetary alignment today : it 's time to focus on yourself and pamper yourself ! get yourself organized around what is good for you . good food , good company and yes - exercise ! it 's important to let your body express its raw energy rather than allowing that energy to stay bottled up and eventually be converted into mental energy . use this aspect to begin a phase of physical purification . you 're going to be in this body your whole life ! $ today 's transit will make you feel about ten years younger this month , and that 's without even trying ! you can feel at your best if you apply this transit to your workouts and involve it in your weight - lifting or cardio work that you once found challenging . the aspect will give you the power of ten cups of coffee without any of the negative side effects ! oh - try to stay away from caffeine and increase your water intake , too ! $ make the most of your time outside of work . the aspect of the day encourages your playful side . watch movies that lighten the spirit , play with children every chance you get , play with adults when there are not any kids around , if possible , and most importantly , exercise ! nothing brings the spirits up more than moving your body in aerobic exercise . oxygenated blood is the best anti - depressant around - and you cannot get it sitting on the couch ! you can choose your favorite form of exercise , so enjoy it . $ the planets make a harmonious connection today . there is a big chance you will feel lighter than usual , and more easily engaged in other people 's concerns than you normally feel is possible . people may respond quite positively to you , but do not forget to take care of yourself ! everyday counts when it comes to your health . diet is a big part of your mood , so take note of what you feel like eating today . maybe you can replicate it when you 're not feeling quite as great ! $ the planetary alignment today is troubling for many of you because it is so much about emotions . facing your feelings squarely is difficult because you need to admit vulnerability and acknowledge pain . this is not easy for anyone . you may want to seek out your friends and ask them for help . if you do not feel there is anything troubling you , perhaps you can treat yourself to lots of nurturing behavior . a nice dinner , a hot bath , and a good night 's rest . $ the planetary alignment makes this a time of great insight for you . your personal goals and aspirations will come into focus as you begin to experience a bit of conflict . a challenge may be just what you need to dive into your goals with added zeal . take your exercise program seriously now , for you can be open to injury if you are not focused on your body . take special care of your legs and feet . $ you feel empowered by today 's aspect . there are strong emotions fueling your ascent to the top , and that 's how you like it ! your usual intensity is lightened by this playful transit , and that helps you in communication with others . get to the heart of the matter with friends and find a laugh there ! give in to your feelings of vulnerability and appreciate what it means to have friends ! exercise will help you spread this energy out through your body . $ today you may feel like the entire weight of the world is resting on your shoulders . so many good intentions gone to waste , so much action taken without love or grace , so many shadows blocking the light . when you feel so much of the world 's pain , your only hope is to see the good intentions in the failures of others , and to hope for peace so that you can be a beacon for others . take comfort - without you , we 'd be lost . $ when you feel unbalanced it 's a little more upsetting than it is for other people . for instance , when you break the routine in your exercise practice you tend to feel the effects quite strongly . you can use this sensitivity constructively . if you need to start a health practice and have trouble getting motivated , all you need to do is start and the energy rush you will get will make you want more right away . use this momentum to build a health regimen . $ there 's a lot of maverick energy out there these days . isolation is not the answer but do keep your distance from those who drain you . tune it out and tune into yourself ! consider raising your spirits by working with your hands . go get some wonderful , organic produce and prepare yourself a nourishing meal such as homemade soup . take yourself on a long walk by a body of water and breathe in the fresh air , exhaling any sadness or anxiety . $ one thing to keep in mind is that you have time on your side . when things seem to be moving too fast to really get a grasp on them , try to stay out of harm 's way and heed your inner counsel . have you had a special interest lately that you 've been meaning to investigate ? learning how to throw pottery , sewing , or another creative project that you can make with your own two hands ? this is the kind of work that will be grounding for you right now , and this is what you need . $ your intuition may be so strong today that you will not even catch the implications until a few days from now . that 's not highly unusual for you , but you may feel a little bit sleepy as a result . this do not necessarily mean that you must have less energy than usual . it is absolutely important that you stay physically active when you have a few days of intense emotional fog . if possible , take a walk during your lunch break . anything you can do to add some physical momentum to this day will do you a world of good . $ this could be a night to remember ! at the very least , it 's a good night to have a really good time - whatever that means to you . you are feeling in your element today and you are calling the shots ! sit back and imagine your perfect day , afternoon , evening - and then go ahead and make it happen . remember to factor in somewhere a release for your physical energy . it 's important to stick to your basic routine , but the rest of the night is up to you . $ you may feel like there 's nothing you feel passionate about today , or that what you do feel passionate about is just out of reach . give yourself the benefit of physical satisfaction . drink plenty of water in order to feel full , eat lightly so you have plenty of natural energy , and stay away from excess salt and greasy foods . your energy and drive will return in the days to come , and you 'll be ready to go ! $ you are closer to the truth than ever . it 's important for you to take a stand about what you believe in . empathy and compassion can only go so far - sometimes people need more of a push ! what you know to be true is important to share with the rest of the world . wherever you go , you will surely attract followers . treat your tired feet to a hot soak with a few drops of lavender extract ! $ observe yourself carefully and watch for signs of surrender . it could be difficult to stick to a healthy lifestyle if you tend to become isolated . the things that you do for yourself every day , like eating healthy meals and working out , should be done with friends as much as possible . this way the fun keeps us coming back for more even when we want to give up ! invite a friend to join you for a workout , if possible - they will thank you for it ! $ today 's atmosphere seems to make the world a safer place . enjoy this feeling of expansive caring to the maximum . start with getting your blood flowing with some kind of aerobic exercise . then treat yourself to a dinner that includes organic produce : grown and consumed with the conscious intention of nourishing not only the body but the soul . you have the natural ability to tap into these positive energies , and the planets emphasize your idealistic perspective . $ with today 's astral energy at play , you might feel driven by a cause . just do not let it drive you crazy ! the urge to fix things , and even people , can lead you down a path of frustration . take the time and do some kind of exercise that creates a meditative state . repetitive exercise such as yoga or a series of laps on a track can give you the distance that you need . you will feel more at peace with yourself , too . $ you are very sensitive to the plight of the earth as it undergoes destruction in many places . support your own inner peace through the calming practice of meditation ( a long walk can be a meditation , too ) or gentle exercise . if you are feeling susceptible to illness , use preventive herbal remedies such as goldenseal , echinacea and astragalus , all easily found in your local health food store . to calm the pineal gland , our bodies ' most attuned psychic organ , the fruit of the papaya is recommended . $ your concern for others brings you closer and closer to the feeling that you need the same kind of concern for yourself . maybe it will mean getting hurt a few times before you learn that setting boundaries is useful for you . start paying attention to your boundaries through following a more organized health regimen . taking care of yourself sends out messages to others that they must take care with you . also , remember that drinking enough water and other fluids is critical to maintaining healthy blood circulation . $ you may finally have that revelation that has been eluding you ! your intentions and actions come together with the vocalization of your ideas . if your desire to help others is strong but you need help expressing that , consult someone you respect . through the articulation of your thoughts , you will bring them closer to a reality that can be shared with others . it often helps to take a long walk in order to get your courage up . $ the disappointment you feel from conflict is connected with your desire to see people get along . how strong is that desire ? will it take you out of yourself and make your moods vacillate based on how things are going over there ? to counteract this negative tendency , make the following foods a regular part of your diet : fresh papaya and an herb tea called purple loosestrife . this , along with regular exercise , will reduce the destructive impulse to help others before you help yourself . $ once you have formed an opinion , you usually stick to it . your goal in life is to develop true self - confidence that comes from within . your independence of thought enables you to find the right path leading to a good balance , but you tend to easily lose it in a moment of eccentricity . the best practice to combat this is regular yoga : the gentle firming up of your muscles accompanied by the gentle release of negative energy . $ the truth is very likely that you would rather not be here , but someplace else ! your adventurous nature makes you want to travel to the outer reaches of the universe . health practices such as yoga and meditation can assist you in finding peace . your dietary concerns should focus on getting you grounded . a healthy immune system will prevent weakness . thus , apart from drinking a lot of water , consuming fresh lemon juice and echinacea is recommended . $ an excellent planetary aspect is occurring that elevates your emotional world to the height of the mountaintop . looking at your emotions with perspective is a healthy practice that bolsters self - confidence . consciously creating this perspective on a regular basis is the goal of yoga . finding the right yoga discipline and routine might be your goal this season . the lymphatic system that controls our immune system is also greatly helped by yoga . $ you may have the feeling that things are out of control . if you open up to all that you are feeling , you may become afraid or overwhelmed . it may help you to do some grounding exercise in order to remind yourself that you are in a human body ! the regularity with which you exercise will affect the degree you feel overwhelmed in your life . drinking plenty of water is the second half of the exercise equation . be aware that your body may need more minerals and vitamins , depending on the stress level you experience . $ thanks to the day 's planetary configuration , you will intuitively sense the state of world affairs . this aspect sends messages of brotherly love , and in many cases , meets with resistance . give yourself the benefit of a healthy lifestyle during this critical time in the human story . a healthy lifestyle includes plenty of rest because an overactive mind can take you away from the basics . rest , diet , and exercise should be your mantra during trying times . $ there is so much sensitivity in you . you may feel that peace is all you need to be happy and be heartbroken to see what is going on in the world . try giving yourself peace as much and as often as you can : peace in the bathtub , peace at the dinner table , and peace in bed . learn to require in your own life what you want to see in the world . drawing that power up in yourself will give you focus and ground you . exercise is the mainstay of this dream . $ for every pharmaceutical treatment , there is a holistic way to take care of yourself ! pay attention to where you get your knowledge regarding wellness . do you rely on what your parents taught you ? ( how is their health ? ) do you believe what 's written on all the packaging you buy ? do you have a friend or two who seem tuned in to holistic health care practices ? open yourself to receiving knowledge from new sources and notice the healthy difference it can make in your life . $ as you take charge of your health , you may feel at times that there is a bit too much to keep track of ! diet , routine , exercise , illness , sleep - and everything else that is involved with this thing called self - love . this is why you have friends . your friends can help you assess your situation and figure out the best course of action . sometimes laughing away the tension is all you really need ! $ you are able to intuitively sense what 's needed in a given situation . if you are in the habit of preparing meals for yourself and your family , you are probably naturally gifted at preparing healthy meals . to expand on this gift , you might learn some healthy techniques found in vegetarian or even vegan cookbooks . the perspectives contained in these texts may be new to you , but what you take away will enhance your experience of cooking and eating . $ the current planetary alignment makes you more open to truths that you may otherwise miss . try to think honestly about what you do for yourself that increases your feeling of wellness , and what you do that inhibits your well - being . your personal health regimen needs to be totally specific to your needs . some herbal substances that are said to be beneficial and calming are : jasmine , lavender , lotus , and forget - me - not . incorporate your favorite scent into your bathing ritual ! $ today could bring attention to the throat area , which can be especially sensitive under the current transit . there are several homeopathic treatments which aid an infected throat : astragalus , echinacea , gargling salt mixed into warm water , and putting fresh lemon on your food . a hurt throat sends a message to your body not to speak . this leads to internalization of emotions and can cause mental distress . try to purify your lymphatic system with respect to this condition . $ even though you are a soft and emotional person , you are equally capable of anger and aggression . however , the tendency for most is to internalize anger and aggression , which wreaks havoc upon the immune system , as well as other vital biological systems . if you have experienced this recently , consider taking up a workout that involves ( safely ) kicking , yelling , and hitting inanimate objects . this technique will help you to get out your anger and alleviate pressure and strain . $ drinking an adequate amount of water is difficult for some . it takes time and practice to cultivate the habit . here are some tips : add fresh lemon to your water to enhance the taste and boost your immune system . set realistic expectations for yourself : start with thinking that it 's just as easy to drink two glasses of water as one . and a cup of herbal tea before bedtime definitely counts ! this nightly ritual will both hydrate and relax you . $ feelings of discouragement are a possibility with today 's celestial energies . what you want may seem to be out of reach , quickly breeding a feeling of sadness . focus on all that you do to nurture yourself , and the many small accomplishments you 've made since reading your wellness horoscope ! you can take steps to avoid the pitfalls of depression as soon as you recognize the signs . definitely ask a friend to cheer you up - that 's what real friends love to do ! $ today 's astral configuration provides guidance for your dreams . it might be a good idea to approach a close friend for a little support and advice . they will likely understand where you are coming from and be able to provide you with some inspiration . remember to offer what you are asking for . if you need some help with motivation , for example , explain what prompted you to confide in them : this will motivate that person to help you and enable you to get what you want out of the relationship . $ today 's aspect gives you the insight to cleanse yourself , either physically or emotionally . if something has been bothering you emotionally , usually there is some unresolved issue between you and another person . depending on the severity of this problem , it can help to write out your frustrations or to draw a picture . try to get it outside of you in some way . when you feel you have a handle on the issue , do some physical exercise to stir up new blood and complete the cleansing process . $ as strong as you are spiritually , you must contend with issues of timidity in order to get what you want in this life . with the astral energy at play , you are granted a breather during which it is ok to meander a bit and wonder about things , a natural tendency with you . however , consider getting involved in activities like boxing , kickboxing , or karate in order to increase your confidence and motivation . play around at screaming and punching in the appropriate environment . apart from releasing all that pent - up energy , you could meet a new side of yourself ! $ give yourself an inch and you might take a mile ! i recommend you bring that tendency poolside , if possible ! swimming is an exercise that benefits the body and mind , and it is not an expensive sport . whether you are a beginner or a high school champ , try to integrate this lovely , low - impact sport into your life . it strengthens your lung capacity while toning your whole body , and once you get on a roll it can be like meditation . weather permitting , it 's a wonderful bonus to be outside . $ this is a good time to pay special attention to your feet . filling tubs of warm water should be a usual practice , especially when you regularly have to wear socks or stockings and shoes . if you re able to enlist the help of a special friend to make this a really worthwhile process , that 's even better : add a dozen drops of lavender oil ( or australian tea tree oil ) to the tub of warm water and soak your feet . consider referring to a book on reflexology and discover the therapeutic benefits of foot massage with your friend . $ your intuition functions proportionally to how well you are sleeping at night . to help strengthen your metaphysical talents , try creating a bedtime ritual that you follow religiously for two weeks . whatever strikes you as appropriate : music , a hot bath , rhythmic dancing , stretching , singing lullabies to yourself , anything . try to make your sleep ritual the apex of every 24 - hour period . when you awake , write your dreams in a journal . keeping track will help you notice your progress . $ you love to explore new ideas , your very own adventures of the mind , and you are greatly assisted by today 's astral energy . your idealistic nature tempts you to focus on utopian dreams . you feel this energy as the essence of possibility , and it will be a period of emotional optimism for you . whatever you have doubted to be possible in your health or dietary regimen , now is the time to give it a try . it do not have to be a marathon . start small , and you can make your dreams a reality ! $ do you ever experience cold hands and feet ? this is a sign of weak circulation and can be aided by activities such as fast walking , running and swimming . look at your exercise schedule and pay attention to what really gets your blood moving . if you can afford a massage every few weeks , it 's a good time of year to make this a monthly practice if possible . when all else fails , stand on your head ! not only your blood circulation , but also your immune system will benefit from this special attention . $ you are generally no stranger to suffering . your quiet , internal world is constantly interrupted and disturbed by the goings - on of the human race . in order to keep your equilibrium , you must have one or two hobbies that strengthen your inner world . painting comes to mind or playing some kind of music . knowing the kind of atmosphere you thrive in is paramount . give yourself what you need in order to feel secure in your environment . $ you may want to do some kind of volunteer work . helping the needy is a year - round opportunity , not limited to certain special occasions . pay attention to this part of yourself and to your outgoing nature . if you have like - minded friends , try to start planning a day or two of service in advance , if possible . there are so many opportunities for giving of yourself that you may have a hard time deciding where to focus your attention . $ waiting for the right time can be good advice , but not with regard to developing healthy habits to live by . you need to eat three meals a day with healthy snacks in between ( fresh fruit , for example ) . you need to sleep like a baby - and there are ways to create more successful sleeping habits if you need help . you need to drink enough water to keep your immune system strong and your elimination process in tune . these are things that do not benefit from waiting . $ you seem to love games that involve mystery - have you been playing enough board games lately ? generally speaking , there are not enough adults who play board games these days . human beings are among the most playful creatures on earth . when it comes to working together to solve a mystery , we easily combine forces . indulge your sense of mystery in choosing the books you read , the films you see , even the kinds of conversation you initiate with your friends . socrates said , i have decided to be happy because it is good for my health ! $ you are quite sensitive to color , light , and sound . is your home environment nurturing you as it should ? apart from what 's in the fridge and cupboards ( of utmost importance ) , do you have the color of paint that you desire on your walls ? do you have plants that are able to grow in a well - lit space ? do you have the kind of music you like to play in the privacy of your own home ? these things matter to your well - being as much as anything else ! $ nothing can pick up your soul like fresh juice with lots of ginger in it . this season , treat yourself to one of the greatest man - made creations ever : a juicer . if you have never made your own juice , you are in for a treat . if you 've had it in restaurants , you will experience new depths of self - love when you drink it in the privacy of your own kitchen , or dare i say , bathtub . carrot , apple and ginger root is a marvelous blend . $ you are the kind of spirited nature john lennon had in mind when he wrote the song imagine . the ideal world that is always just out of our reach , where all things live in harmony , is where you really want to be . thus , you are no stranger to suffering here on earth . emotional suffering negatively impacts your immune system , and vice versa . to toughen up your immune system , keep some echinacea around the house and add 8 - 10 drops of it to your nightly herbal tea . $ you are easily taken aback by people who seem to know what they want and how to get it . remember that your reflective nature tends to give a lot of credit to others while at the same time depriving yourself of the same . break this pattern of find yourself in a rut , comparing yourself to others or worse , manipulating others to balance the insecurity you feel . openly communicate with those who do things you would like to be able to do : you will be surprised at how they help you ! $ you have experienced a lot of emotional impact over the past couple of months , and it would behoove you to process it in a series of yoga exercises in preparation for any upcoming new experiences . your breath is most important now - slow and deep breathing exercises can make a world of difference in your outlook . taking your breath seriously can mean the difference between experiencing a coming together rather than a falling apart in the months ahead . $ you like to be part of a healthy relationships , whether with one person or with a whole group of people . for this reason , it can give you a lot of satisfaction to be part of a volunteer organization . you get to pick the cause of your choice and the people you meet are bound to be good people , like you , potentially with common interests . if you want to get in shape while you serve , look into walks or runs that raise money for worthy causes . $ with today 's transit , you may feel motivated to participate in some group activity that involves planning and helping others . even if it 's a small birthday party for a friend , respect this need of yours to be involved in spreading a sense of community , if possible . to experience a sense of participation to the fullest , be sure to exercise and get your blood circulating . when you feel physically engaged with your own strength , you are more grounded and ready to give . $ a feeling of peace or satisfaction is available to you now and though you might not know the source , it feels a long time coming . typically , it 's possible for you to go about finding the source of this feeling in what others might call a backwards approach . begin a discipline now of healthy practices . a diet of light foods and plenty of water along with physical activities might reveal to you the source of this peaceful feeling . $ although you may be known as a great healing spirit , you must learn how to heal yourself as well ! your sensitive soul may feel like retreating from all the hoopla around you but stay attuned to your need for companionship . keep up with your exercise routine and try to find a workout companion , if possible , to make the going a bit easier . there may be someone you work with or live by who would be inspired by an invitation to join you for a walk or run in the park . this way you help someone else while you help yourself ! $ today 's planetary movement makes the world seem very real to you - whatever you are feeling inside , you will have no problem finding something to identify with on the outside . you will benefit from asserting yourself on the physical plane under this transit . consider doing something out - of - doors , a walk or run in the woods or in a park . connect to the healthiest signs you see in nature and bring that natural confirmation back to your own emotional truth . $ the most effective measure of a healthy diet is how well you sleep . the quality of rest you enjoy has to do with how finely tuned your body is . what you eat affects your ability to exercise and relax . take the time to notice how your body digests what you eat . red meat is difficult to digest - leafy greens are easy to digest . get familiar with the spectrum and start treating your body the way you would a finely tuned instrument . $ you are startled by the violence you see in the world , and you need to balance out the shock with predictably soothing activities . surround yourself with gentleness in your home - create a safe haven . practice soothing exercises such as yoga , stretching , and walking . calm your mind with reading positive material and practicing meditation in any way you see fit . give yourself the balance you need , and notice when you need to balance . walking is a wonderful exercise for regaining balance . $ the planetary energy can make this an emotional time for you , filling you with sensitivity and awareness . you may or may not have been taught how to develop your sensitivity and awareness as a child , but it 's never too late to start ! if you realize that there is something or someone you need to let go of at this time , why not create some kind of ritual that will give you the necessary closure you need ? nurture your spirituality when you feel open to it . $ you can benefit tremendously from a group physical activity , if possible , such as a team that trains together for an athletic event . the group spirit is uplifting for your nature , which tends to be introverted when left alone . and , having a goal can help shape your perspective about life , which can otherwise become obtuse and slightly pessimistic if you are not careful . enjoy yourself with friends who are physically active , if you can , and see what energy comes of it . $ it is easy for you to get carried away with emotions - your own or other people 's - and it 's important to balance yourself with grounding physical activities . walking is preferable to using a car or public transportation , weather permitting . be defiant when it comes to taking time for yourself , as you will pay a high price for ignoring your personal needs . sitting down for a cup of herbal tea is also a nice thing to do for yourself . stay calm and centered . $ wishing you were somewhere else is a recipe for a bad mood ! it 's not what you say , but rather what you do that matters - so if you want to go away , it 's time to start planning that future vacation ! but if you are merely frustrated it will serve you to examine your diet and exercise regimen . are you working out at least three times a week ? are you drinking more water than you ever thought possible ? these are realistic goals that will take you someplace new - inside yourself . $ you may feel playful and especially warm toward your partner , your children , or your friends today . expressing this energy to your loved ones is at the same time an opportunity to address yourself in the most loving way possible . if you have needs that you rarely express to those you love , take advantage of this time to get your own needs across in a playful or friendly way . invite those you love to notice the part of you that you most want them to see . $ one of the best ways to feel free of negative energy is to make an agreement with yourself to take a break from reading or listening to the news , even if it s just for a day . remember : there s a fine line between staying woke and never sleeping again . in order for your immune system to fight off illness it needs on average a solid eight hours of sleep a night . in order to be able to sleep your body needs to know that it doesn t have to be on high alert . those of us who are particularly empathic need to be especially careful when it comes to the media we consume : be it heart wrenching segments on the nightly news or ultra - violent movies before bedtime , you aren t doing your endocrine , nervous , and immune systems any favors by exposing it to over - stimulating , frightening content . $ you may feel extra emotional today and it is important to stick to some semblance of a routine so that the planetary energy do not overpower you . do anything you can to bolster your nervous and immune systems by choosing peaceful activities over highly stimulating ones . $ giving yourself the benefit of the doubt is critical if you are indeed seeking to change your health habits for the better . it 's hard to change old patterns ! it 's a day - by - day effort , and real change takes time . if you feel the one step forward to two steps back syndrome , lighten up a little bit and focus on the positive . when it comes to health , your basic attitude is what matters most . keep that in mind . $ you would do good to stay away from processed sugar ! you can be easily excited by what you ingest . sugar and preservatives are among the greatest triggers for you . the planetary alignment dominates the emotional territory at this time , and it may be best to stay a respectful distance from all that winds you up . on the other hand , what releases pent up energy is highly recommended during this transit . exercise , meditation , sleep - choose your source of relaxation ! $ you are known to many as a slow mover but actually you have a lot of energy inside you , which is why activities such as yoga and pilates are recommended . deep breathing is what makes yoga so beneficial , and many people do not even realize this ! make the most of whatever you do for exercise by breathing deeply as you do it . you will get twice as much out of it and feel reinvigorated without putting any extra stress on your body . $ today 's planetary alignment gives you the freedom to take your feelings seriously , without being tricked by the serious expectations you may put on yourself at other times of the month . what does expanding your horizons mean to you ? it might be time to find out - or , if you know what gives you a boost , go ahead and ask for it ! even something as humble as a walk on the beach with your dog ( or a friend , or a friend 's dog ! ) could be the answer to opening up to your true feelings . $ the wonderful quality of empathy that you represent is only as good as it feels to you . that is , if you are not able to give someone else what they want in a relationship , that is just fine . just be sure to communicate to others when you have reached your limit . this way you will avoid any unnecessary guilt . in the meantime , you would do well to focus on what you can do for yourself in terms of your physical health . $ the planetary alignment today gives you the intensity you sometimes lack . you may feel more easily aroused , more vital , more prone to outburst , just plain more of everything ! as you begin to express your feelings , be aware that a regular fitness schedule can help you manage this emotional state that is not your usual . enjoy this transit but try to avoid saying anything you might regret later by letting out some steam through regular exercise . $ there are times when you , who are typically emotional and internalized , can be outgoing and glamorous , and with today 's planetary alignment , you have the opportunity to shine ! you may experience a day or two of feeling you want to entertain and share your bubbly mood with those you love . why not spread good cheer with a bountiful feast made from organic produce that is grown locally ? prepare a meal with the intention to spread this feeling of wellbeing throughout your intimate community . $ your romantic nature may be easily aroused these days . the movement of the planets gives you a chance to separate your mind from your body to a certain degree , giving you greater sensation in your body than your sometimes - overwhelming emotions . to enhance this experience , be sure to get regular exercise and eat light but nourishing foods such as fresh salads or seasonal vegetables and fish . your sensitivities will tantalize you and probably someone else , too ! $ the aspect of the day will quite possibly find you brooding about how to get a head start . for one thing , you cannot go wrong by paying attention to your body . if your mind is feeling foggy , do not let it stop you from getting out into the fresh air for an invigorating walk every day . if your heart is feeling blue , do not let that stop you from reaching out to people who care about you and asking for some extra tlc ! $ today s astral configuration brings you a powerful dose of energy that you may use in any way you like . however , it must be said that unheeded , this kind of energy can be depressive . we recommend you use it in the following way : externally and within a given structure . get into a regular exercise regimen . start out with moderation so you are not discouraged . routine aerobic exercise will raise your level of energy in a stable way , preventing the downfall that comes with inconsistency . $ the predominant energy running through the planets these days gives you a subtle joy in your spirit . this lovely feeling can be enhanced through attending social and cultural events ( virtual if necessary ) with friends or loved ones . when you are in these situations , to look and feel your best try concentrating on your posture . the way you stand can have a great effect on how you feel and how others feel around you . posture effects how you breathe , and this is key . $ there is a planetary energy acting like fire and water when joined together , and it makes you feel charged . to picture this energy , imagine an olympic swimmer . think of the drive and force necessary to move through the pool . this kind of energy is somehow affecting you now . to stay calm and collected , it will benefit you to do some exercise that expands your lungs with air . and in doing so , you will realize that you can indeed achieve balance . $ the planetary alignment today makes you feel ever ready to take on the next phase of your personal development . spiritually , emotionally , physically - whatever development you are focused on right now , today 's aspect will help you take the lead . yoga is a practice that combines all of those areas into one and when practiced on a daily basis , yoga can help you make the most of this transit . you have about ten days left , so do not miss out ! prepare yourself with water intake before you practice . $ with the present astral configuration , you may already sense that something is afoot ! focus on staying in optimal health . try to eat at home more than you eat takeout . it 's a better way to stay healthy with food from restaurants you are probably eating more sauces and things ( bread ) that you would not eat when preparing meals at home . and , when you prepare your own food you are more aware of how your digestive system reacts to the substances you eat . $ today 's planetary alignment impels you to focus your intentions on something physical and real . one way to express this is to start taking your physical health seriously . are you still finding excuses rather than getting the regular exercise your body requires ? are you drinking enough water to stay hydrated all the time ? are you looking for healthy food when you go grocery shopping ? healthy habits can be formed during this transit . $ there is often more than meets the eye , even for a sensitive soul like you ! you could be seeing more than most but may not be focused on what 's right in front of you . the aspect of the day makes us all more aware of what has real value for the heart , and what is only a passing fancy . it 's important to center yourself during this time of spiritual expansion . your body , your health , and your relationships deserve your focused attention . $ your psychic nature will be alive this week as the current aspects light up the path to all our higher natures . you may feel a certain physical energy as well - a kind of boost that will not actually get you very far during a workout or on a run . keep your power centered on your diet and do not push yourself physically . your diet should include fish and sources of vitamin a ( spirulina , chlorella and other blue - green algae ) to keep your inner eye seeing straight ! $ today s planetary alignment makes this a week to assert your right to be you - particularly in your own head . give yourself permission to do what you really want to do . this will undoubtedly include something for your body - a massage , a virtual yoga class , a gourmet meal from a favorite takeout restaurant . whatever your self - expression , keep your body a part of it . feel your feelings with your body - give yourself permission to revel in it ! $ your dreams of a better world will seem crystal clear while the favorable planetary alignment lasts . balance your internal and external lives with robust exercise and you stand a better chance of achieving these dreams - beginning with your own life . be an example of what you want for the world . if it 's a healthy world you want , why not be the picture of health in your own world ? start by doubling your daily intake of water . $ you might sense all that is wrong with the world , but others might not be as aware as you are this week ! the planetary alignment today will surely cause some frustration , some feeling of inequality that is hard for you to reckon with . do not take this out on your friends . to keep your mood steady , make sure there is plenty of vitamins a and c in your diet . fresh fruits and vegetables keep our tempers mellow , and any excess energy is best taken care of by going to the gym , if possible . $ the planetary transit today is like having a boost of positive energy where it counts most : your own self - confidence . you can increase the effect of this month - long transit by grounding your physical self in healthy routines such as regular meals with no snacking in between , and exercise at least four times a week . you have a choice : get the most out of this transit ( and your entire year is likely to benefit ) or ignore it and wonder what might have been . $ get plenty of rest while this planetary alignment lasts . you will likely have active dreams and it is worthwhile to write them down and take note of what you find meaningful in them . your physical energy may feel low , but your mental energy is high : this is a time to continue exercising but perhaps in a more mellow way ( yoga ? ) . this is a time to let your mind have a long reach - expand your personal time to include meditative practices such as walking and reading . $ today 's planetary transit does not create the easiest of periods , and it just so happens that it influences you especially ! pay special attention to your inner critic . during this transit you are likely to put yourself under enormous pressure to get all the details right , and when you do not you may suffer the consequences . instead , take the bigger picture into consideration and pay attention most importantly to your health - physical and emotional health . make time to exercise . $ today 's aspect means you have got to look at yourself and separate what you need from what you think you need . what you need is plenty of rest , physical exercise and a healthy diet . what you think you need can often be detrimental and , like it or not , this aspect is going to show you why . to avoid any kind of harsh surprises , keep focused on what is truly healthy : diet and exercise . $ you are enjoying the celestial atmosphere during this period , and the planetary alignment turns up the heat quite a lot ! in fact , if you find yourself craving spicy foods it may be a sign that you have a lot of fiery energy inside waiting to come out ! get yourself down to the gym , if possible , or find another way to work out at least three times a week . drink plenty of water to balance out all that fire and to flush out toxins that will be released with exercise . $ today 's transit emphasizes your sharp , inventive mind . you will find countless ways of doing the same thing so that it do not get boring . you can make up stories for your kids at bedtime with no problem . you can entertain yourself while waiting in the doctor 's office . be careful not to get mired in the mental world , however . it 's important to stay committed to your exercise regimen to stay balanced and enjoy this transit . $ the planetary alignment today gives you a magical quality . it is subtle , so do not expect to be competing with harry potter , but you can internally feel a special energy if you meditate on this for a moment . there is magic in having a body - it allows us to feel the most incredible things . take note of these feelings and consider what you can do for your body that will enhance these thrilling feelings . $ today 's aspect emphasizes your dreamy nature . today is a good day for being creative , for communicating with friends , and giving yourself the time you need to understand what you are feeling about a particular subject . you do not always have to know the right answer , but it helps to know what you are feeling . taking care of yourself means eating the best produce available , drinking plenty of water and getting enough rest each night . exercise keeps you from becoming stagnant . $ today 's transit makes you prone to miscommunication . this is not to say you must keep your mouth closed , however you will benefit from thinking before you speak . exercise is a great way to slow down the mind while taking care of the body . a long run through open space can give you what you need to make yourself understood : clarity of mind , surety of purpose , and the best of intentions . drink lots of water to wash out those annoying toxins ! $ the celestial energy today is favorable , full of playfulness and vulnerability in the right relationships . you may not find you can express yourself in words , but today 's aspect allows you to show your feelings through gesture and movement , hugs and kisses . to feel this energy ever more deeply , be sure to follow your exercise regimen . do not skimp on the aerobic exercise ! sending oxygen to your muscles will make you feel warm and happy all over . $ today , stick to what you know is good for you . whether it 's yoga , running , resting , drinking more water , or being extra communicative in your relationships , it will help ease the sense of being pulled in several different directions at once . that which you know is unhelpful to you , whether it 's drinking , smoking , or using some false form of the pleasure principle to mask your real needs , is sure to ultimately backfire . take good care of yourself . $ you would do good to stay away from processed sugar ! you can be easily excited by what you ingest . sugar and preservatives are among the greatest triggers for you . the planetary alignment dominates the emotional territory at this time , and it may be best to stay a respectful distance from all that winds you up . on the other hand , what releases pent - up energy is highly recommended during this transit . exercise , meditation , sleep - choose your source of relaxation ! $ you are poised to move with your best foot forward . take stock of the progress you 've made in your diet or health regimen and plan your next step ! the time has come to begin a new phase . if you 've been indecisive about starting something , you now have the energy to take that first step . if you 've been trimming down or firming up , you are able to feel the positive effects . this is a day of strength , affirmation and confidence . $ you 're going to have plenty of energy tonight , and it 's apt to bring you a lot of pleasure . it 's a good night for doing something physical or sensual . this could be dancing or cooking a wonderful meal at home . take it for what it is worth - remember that the sensual is a world unto itself and do not necessarily need to have romantic connotations . use this energy to show your love directly and simply to those you care for . give and receive physical contact in a healthy , simple way . $ give yourself the time you need to get your work accomplished so that you can then devote the necessary time to your relationships . this is a day to take comfort in what you know is real and good in your life : friends , children , lovers and parents . contact a lost friend , offer to help your child with their homework , ask your partner for a little tenderness . whatever it is you can do to get the most out of your personal relationships is recommended for today . $ the good news is , you 're going to look your best today ! the glow on your face will come from a mysterious inner source , or at least that 's how others may perceive it . you may not exactly feel well balanced on the inside , but you certainly can enjoy being told you look great . go ahead and enhance it by styling your hair differently or spending a little extra time in the bathroom pulling yourself together . oh , and by the way , there is no bad news ! $ there 's a level of frustration in the air today that you 'll want to avoid . stay away from temptations ( such as processed sugar ) by keeping your mind on your responsibilities and goals - all that you have to look forward to . if you insist on having a battle of the wills today , have it with your desire to eat ice cream and not with someone you care about ! to be victorious means resisting the urge to do the little self - destructive things you will regret tomorrow . $ this is a period in which you will benefit from taking seriously all that is soft , feminine , and introspective . the astral energy is emphasizing understanding and yes , tlc . treat your body well and be sure to drink lots of water . also - instead of taking the easy route , it would behoove you to strengthen your commitment to help those in need . take care of yourself first , then spread the love around a little . $ powers of common sense triumph when you facilitate the release of your energies through exercise . all those surface emotions that occur when one is surprised , angered or confused need a regular outlet . find the spot where your stress level appears in your body and manage it naturally . if you suffer from migraines , you can use a wonderful herb called feverfew and brew a tea from it . if you have low tolerance for stress , increase the iron in your blood by consuming lentils . $ you 'll have your usual boundless energy today , along with some extra emotional awareness that may come as a pleasant surprise . to tap into this compassionate energy , be sure to drink plenty of water and stay away from processed foods , as they can disturb your mood . doing yoga or meditating would be wonderful gifts to give to yourself . listening to loud music where you can get up and dance would be a superb way to act out the combination of energies that are available to you . $ when the planets are in harmony you can expect to feel psychically in tune with what is most important to you . you can sense how important it is for you to exercise before you do anything else . when you get your excess energy out at the gym or in a challenging yoga session , for example , you are more likely to say what you mean and mean what you say when you are with your friends . pay attention to your inner wisdom . $ relieve your stress level today with some form of exercise that cheers you up . what you do for your body you also must do for your spirit . running with a friend or dancing to your favorite disco songs , something to pump up your heart rate as well as your sense of humor . the kind of energy we have comes largely from the activities we choose to participate in - choose something that makes you smile ! $ today 's astral energy leaves you feeling alive and open to new things . the best complement to these emotional energies is a diet that 's easy to process and stretching your body . light foods such as soups , salads and fish can be very satisfying for the entire body . remember to eat slowly to allow for the maximum benefit of a meal . exercise in the morning is recommended . drink plenty of water , preferably at room temperature . $ saying what you mean is going to seem much easier today . your emotions may bubble up when you least expect it , and you may even send a stinging word out of your mouth without realizing it . the wise will take extra care to burn off energy in the body with exercise and will be mindful of getting proper rest . when the body is conditioned , the mind follows a more predictable path , and relating to others becomes more harmonious . $ it could feel challenging to express yourself spontaneously today . with the current celestial atmosphere , you 're probably not going to get your way no matter how hard you try . in fact , trying hard is futile in this sort of configuration . it 's best to just take the easy route . stick to your usual routine and wait this one out . it 's important to get a little exercise so the frustrated energy gets released as quickly as it appears . $ the day 's astral energy emphasizes your changeable nature . the key here is to keep your balance as you accept all the challenges that life presents and succeed . you know that your sensitive nature needs to be taken care of especially well in times of stress . do what you love best . take some time out , lie back , listen to the music you love and let your imagination take you places . $ giving in to that which makes your power grow is a good idea . this certainly involves movement of some kind . any kind of exercise that gets your heart rate up while stretching your limbs is recommended : running , bikram yoga , ashtanga yoga , pilates , etc . competitive sports are not recommended today , as your energy might be affected adversely by the win - lose dynamic . take your time before you speak ; you will be able to have a way with words if you know exactly what you want . $ today 's pleasant aspect concerns all things romantic . you will be especially able to use your intuitive powers to sense the right time to make your feelings known , and your body in a way that feels pleasing to you and to others . this could be your facial expressions , physical affection , or perhaps giving those who need it their space . to enhance this harmonious aspect , treat yourself to something that relaxes both body and mind : a massage , a sauna or a walk in the woods . $ your patience level could be low today . honor your impatience with appropriate measures . give yourself extra time to get to your appointments , and do not set yourself up for frustrating situations . when it comes to eating , choose what you put into your body carefully . be sure you like what you order or prepare ; otherwise , you will not be relaxed and truly fulfilled by your meal . on another note - it is best to hold your tongue if a dispute threatens to arise with a lover or friend . $ the feeling that you can accomplish all that you set out to do is strong today . make a point of centering yourself . whether this is with a yoga session or a walk with the dog , it will be the apex of your day . with focus , you can channel your energy into the higher power that it truly is . you will relish feeling passionate about those you love , and for causes you champion . give yourself the benefit of drinking lots of water : the time and effort it takes can center you . $ your ideals will feel especially sensitive to you today . you may sympathize with others more than you normally do but be careful that you do not get caught up in the role of champion for others . that is a noble sentiment , but you need to stay focused on yourself right now , and this will take some committed effort . if possible , go for a run with a friend and discuss issues that concern you . the increased oxygen intake will settle your mind . $ if you followed yesterday 's advice , you would perhaps feel the benefit of maintaining your personal energy within yourself - not giving it out to other people or situations . building further on this , try staying focused on your breath today . exercise , and eat your meals slowly and deliberately so that your breath remains the priority in all that you do . the rhythm of your breathing is the guiding pulse to maintaining positive energy . doing what 's right for yourself is not always easy . stay focused . $ remember it 's not the situation that matters , it 's how you handle it . continue to breathe consciously , focusing on your breath when you exercise and when you go to sleep as a way of heightening awareness . what you eat is important , but how you put food into your mouth is more important , today . first , make sure the food is appetizing to your body and mind . next , arrange the food in a pleasing manner before beginning to eat . center yourself . eat slowly and enjoy . $ instincts and intuition serve you well in public this year . dreams and wishful thinking about your career situation might also claim some of your attention . so long as you understand that these are brainstorming times and not times to act , you 'll be better than fine . friends and lovers give you what you want in july . impatience might strike in september , but you can have fun anyway . telling fact from fancy is easy in october . you 're at your most psychic in february , so keep a low profile and be gentle . love yourself and find contentment with a loved one at year 's end ! $ career and work come into focus this year . you 're not one to give everything away , but you may be more conscious of how much good work people can do for one another . take your time and be willing to think things through until it all makes sense . loved ones take extra good care of you in july . do not feel unworthy of any gift . if irritable in september , schedule more private time . negative criticism will not help much in october . inspiration might strike you at work in february . be responsible throughout . after a social surprise in march , the year ends rich in luxury and love ! $ it 's a high - energy year when you could take your life and career in hand , for better or worse . make it for the better and resist being impulsive , impatient , or quarrelsome . enjoy love and support in july , perhaps even in the form of money or material goods . september might be difficult , but you can avoid any explosions or blowouts by simply being tactful . old wisdom is there for you in october . use it . a partner could come or go in january . do not fight it . it 's a sizzling year full of change , excitement , opportunity , and big love ! do good things with it all ! $ look forward to a year of fun , mischief , and wild inventiveness ! you 're bursting with fresh ideas , especially in the first month , and it might be hard for you to keep a lid on things , even at home . home is the most fun and fortunate place to be in july . high spirits might draw some fire in october , but you do not have to alienate anyone . a spiritual insight could touch your heart in february . stay practical and loving . march is action packed and exciting , so practice self - restraint when appropriate . may and june are full of brilliant company and conversation , roses , wine , and sweet , sweet love ! $ look and feel your best with more quality time with your friends this year . if work and family affairs bring minor challenges or interruptions , stepping out into the social scene will recharge your batteries . after the smooth summer months , september might try to frustrate your fun . do not be annoyed . a partner or lover might need a change . be fair minded and go with it . in february you might come across an inspiring person or learn that someone is inspired by you . march and april brim with excitement and activity . dress up and relax into it . the year ends peacefully and full of elegant affection ! $ sweet times with good friends can keep this year moving forward for you ! you will not need to spend a lot of money or make a lot of expensive changes either . spend most of your time with solid , sensible , good friends and then negative , difficult people will have less access to you . july could bring some extra income or maybe a touch of extra pleasure at home . october may have a rocky day or two , but do not cling to any bad feelings . a partner could pleasantly surprise you in january . watch out for emotional dreams in february . the year ends sparkling with luxurious fun and gentle love ! $ you 're bubbling over with charm this year , but most of it will be lavished on special people in private . you 'll be sweet and sensitive in public , too , but not to the same extent . a gift might come from a mystery friend or admirer in july . things go smoothly until an issue at work might briefly spill over to home . do not get impatient or angry . respect the opinion of a partner or lover in december , but do not lose self - confidence . you have to be you . be bold but not brash at work in march and april . shine brightest and bask in the warmest affection at year 's end ! $ your brightest ideas and best plans may be made during private time , so do not overbook yourself or skimp on downtime . a few special friends ( or that very special one in your life ) may share these times , but not the rest of the world . be generous and receive favors in july and august . be supercharged and energetic at home in october . more peaceful times may be called for in november . be quietly creative . a flash of inventiveness at work in march might need time to gel . the last month could see entertainment , small private parties , and after - dinner drinks with romantic overtones ! $ it 's a great year for plotting and making preparations for the long term ! the future is not just tomorrow . now that you have a clearer view of what you want and where you want to go , dreams , instincts , and intuition can be your guides . be generous and big - hearted in july , and enjoy material abundance . family comes into focus in october , and you have more than enough energy to finish what gets started . respect your ambitions and passions in march , even if friends disagree . the last month is yours to examine and reconsider anything or anyone that this year has brought . be loving , loved , and admired ! $ start something near and dear to your heart this year and pursue it to completion ! put self - improvement on your agenda and you can be greatly successful . spirit and heart are big and bright . enjoy a burst of energy to finish up the final stages of a long - lingering project in october . new clever ideas might distract you , but stick with the tried and true . a romantic bolt comes out of the blue in december or january . stay calm and self - assured . dream what you most want in february . end the year in strong , powerful , passionate form and launch into a magnificent future ! $ have great self - confidence and be your own best luck this year ! you can do this modestly , graciously , and without a huge ego . after a smooth summer , your temper or patience may be tested in october and november , especially at home . seek and respect old advice and the experience of others . a romantic flare - up or brief hot fling could happen in december . be civilized but not too deferential . be more idealistic in february , even if you do not act on the sentiment . do not be tossed by any repeat surprises at work in march . the last month mellows out with culture , comfort , conversation , and great compassion ! $ money and material concerns may preoccupy you this year . focus on genuine abundance , be realistic , and improve your status and appearance . summer is yours to work as you please . you may need to stand up for yourself and your ideas in october , especially with family members , but it do not have to result in conflict . another personal , more romantic challenge might arise in january . respect yourself as well as others . remember , you are but half of any relationship . your heart softens and opens in february . at year 's end value your friends , tastes , preferences , and what and whom you love best . all love is returned in full ! $ enjoy a glamorous year with great energy , especially for material or financial matters . be most lucky with your generous impulses in the first month . settle into a summer of productivity with cooperative friends . countless minor quarrels could slow you down in october . if you lose your focus , a fresh new love will set you straight . if you get angry for a while , expect to be grateful later . wishful thinking or ungrounded good intentions could cause trouble in february . a major shift at work in march could work to your advantage if you are not too aggressive . high - octane love and energy are yours all year long ! $ it 's a dynamic year , when you can be the star whenever you need to . your sparkling wit can surprise even you , all to good effect . look and feel your best in the first month , especially at home and with friends . shine brightly with close friends in august . october energizes an issue at home and motivates you to meet all challenges head - on . slow down and rest in november . a love interest could get too interesting in january . you 'll shine in april , even if it 's a bit uncomfortable . you know who and what you want this year , and everything 's within reach . have a great year ! $ enjoy countless opportunities and promising complications this year . you 'll see and think clearly through everything , and no wishful thinking or grandiose offering will deceive you . small pleasures and company close to home will abound in september . this happiness can fuel you for the rest of the year . be most proactive in october , especially concerning home affairs . a major love might come ( or go ) in january . do not be knocked off balance . likewise , a burst of hopeless idealism could bruise your heart in february . be compassionate but practical . expect surprises at work in april , some from you . it 's a brilliant , productive year full of tenderness and love ! $ you could make a big change or two this year , revamping yourself , the people ( or special person ) in your life , or even where you live . you 're big - hearted and have big vision , even if you do not use it . details in the small picture may distract you in august and september , but those efforts will not be wasted . be motivated , even confrontational , in october , to complete some major project . be captain of the team in november . a romantic shakeup is possible in january , and an old fond fantasy may return in february . work energetically in april . a sweet , sensitive last month ends a dynamite year ! $ peace and quiet may be scarce in the outside world , but you have an infinite reserve of inner calm that will look like magic to others . your big - hearted approach , especially to down - home situations , will win you admiration all year , especially in the first month . october and november may be busiest , but you 'll also be the most energetic . take downtime in november , when fewer , if any , people come to interrupt you . romance flares up in january . dream big in february , although a friend might not agree . be clever ( and charming ) at work in april . enjoy a cozy , sparkling end to a busy year ! $ you 're a rolling ball of fire all this year , and full of surprises , too ! even if people could keep up with you , they will not be able to guess which way you 're going . after a calm few months things heat up in october , when you 're jump - started into doing more at home , perhaps for family . progress and good karma can come from simply being nicer to the right relative or friend . november is quieter but still has its share of fun . brief romantic fireworks are possible in january . be solid at work in april , and relax in loving , passionate arms during the final months ! $ you have a secret source of great love and support this year , possibly from friends and relatives . be grateful and do not press for explanations . it may be a year of random acts of kindness , so perform your share . be energetic in october , smoothing ruffled feathers and restoring peace and pleasantness at home . be more low - key in november , but still fully enjoying life . a change - up in daily routine could have long - lasting effects . enlightenment is possible in february . if sparks fly at work in april , you can cope with it . spend the last month lavishing and receiving love and encouragement . it 's a passionate , powerful year ! $ emotions run high and a lot of that can be channeled into creative fun that keeps your heart beating loud and fast . meet those daily needs , enjoy smooth sailing , and be ready for a busy october full of family and social affairs . some of it may feel fated , so do not be too quick to say no . be sharp , sensible , and sensitive in november . when the dust settles you 'll look back on a lot of emotional maturity and progress . respect those basic work demands in the spring , and then benefit the rest of the year . cleverness and beauty unite in the last month . bask in the brilliance ! $ the world may think you 've become more serious , and that 's a good thing . you 're simply more sincere in your words and actions and less frivolous about how you spend your time . quiet times at home will still be intense and important to you in september and october . be clear and focused about your passions in november , then do not be a hermit but share your good times . if work gets challenging in march and april , you 'll have energy and wits to spare , and lots of support . lighten up in the last couple of months and indulge in more quality time with the person who loves you best . $ it 's a high - energy , extroverted year ! keep some personal pleasure in your equation , even if spending time with others is your primary source of happiness . just do not let it take over your life . a family or home concern may take all your energy in october , and it will be worth it . do not be frustrated in november if people are not always there for you . respect everyone 's boundaries , especially your own , and do not take everything personally . work may heat up in april . stay grounded and meet the challenge . it 's a smooth , comforting end of the year with more love than you might have dreamed ! $ your daily life do not need to have anything lackluster about it this year . you 've got the magic touch , especially at home in the first month , and know how to set people at ease . after a nice , quiet stretch , family and friends may want to spend more time with you in october . enjoy the attention and tactfully share any extra expenses . people want to treat you well and stay in your good graces . reserve judgment in december if a close friend or lover disappoints you . you can learn why before the year ends . let tender feelings express themselves , and treasure those hugs and kisses ! $ craving a major overhaul in your daily routine ? if not now , the time will come , so do not get anxious about it . keep finances tidy , enjoy a few months of calm , then spring into action at home in october . friends and family may have suggestions and want to help . people will cheerfully respect your wishes in november . this can lead to many pleasant times . be attentive to your health and diet in january and feel healthy and strong . any changes in routine made now will stick . any work stress in april will not be a drain . love yourself and let others love you all year long ! $ it may be time for a love that really works for you , if you do not have one already . if you do , be sure to appreciate what 's good and be patient about improving what is not yet totally perfect . do not let that yearning for perfection deprive you of what is already a wonderful thing . accept the generosity of others , especially in the first month . in the fall be motivated and work hard to make both home and career more satisfying . in january a sudden intense love could survive , if you choose . decompress and reevaluate in the last month . it 's your heart and your year ! $ if you 've overlooked the sexy charms of a sharp mind , that will not happen this year . you never have been content with what 's purely skin - deep . while life looks orderly and calm for the first few months , in october things could get steamy and contentious at home . your true friends will be patient if you get impatient or angry with them . take a deep breath in november and relax with more casual , lightweight activities . an unusual or unconventional love interest may catch your eye or heart , however briefly , come wintertime . what satisfies you may be changing , deepening , improving . be patient and love yourself , too ! $ connect better with friends and loved ones , and have a richer , happier conversation all year long . you 're bright , generous , and fun to be with and this will draw people to you , even after any spat . october and november could be busy and packed with other people 's minor problems . do not worry about any of it . encourage people , and watch any problems solve themselves . money and work both look reliable , although you may imagine a problem in december or january . stay calm and practical - things are fine . share a fond aspiration with friends in february , and work passionately in april . it 's a splendid , congenial year ! $ it 's a dream - filled year , but do not expect to be perfectly understood all the time . pay careful attention and you can mostly stay on the same page with people . you 're upbeat and lucky , so most of them will make the extra effort with you , especially in the first month . some excitement could strike at home in october , but little confusion . blast expertly through autumn , particularly november , and be successful in all that you attempt . inspiration in february may please you and your loved ones before the year ends . publicly surprise and delight people in april . it 's a gentle , sweet year ! $ it 's a tenderhearted year for you . you may feel hypersensitive at times , but keep your feelings under control and notice how psychic you 've become . manage your spending , especially that first month , and still enjoy great times . in september and october you may experience some self - doubt , but stand firm , especially about decisions concerning home and family . your loved ones will agree with you on all counts . take your creative efforts seriously in november and ignore negative criticism . shield your heart in february , but do not hesitate to be sympathetic . you have to genuinely be you . end the year embraced by elegance and emotional security ! $ nothing can stop you this year , so aim high ! you have the energy to push through any obstacle and burn away any opposition . you have plenty of charm , too , and that can ease your way with many people . luck is on your side , especially the first month , so do not wait around . work away happily for several months , then be ready for a big breakthrough , starting at home . negotiate skillfully for what you want and do not question your ability to complete any task . success favors the bold , especially in public , and you have boldness to spare ! make it a spectacular and accomplished year ! $ amaze even yourself with the success that is possible for you this year ! do not take anything for granted , of course , and hard work will be needed , but that 's no problem . your loyalty , generosity , and charm will serve you well all year , especially early on . trust your taste and decision - making abilities , be practical , and do not doubt yourself . a private , inspired fancy that strikes you in february may prove useful by year 's end . april is your time to be stunningly smart and successful at work . be modest and capable , and leave the bragging and grandstanding to lesser beings . it 's a great year just for you ! $ you have your feet securely on the ground this year , and what you do will last . luck follows you , as well as pleasure , particularly in the first month , but do not assume things will always be so easy . october and november offer you a challenge at home or with family that will greatly improve the rest of the year , if not the rest of your life . be self - confident but not brash , and refuse to feel inferior about anything . be at your best at work and in public during april and may , so exert yourself every day . it 's a magnificent year full of happiness and love ! $ career and the trappings of public life may be your focus , with you as your severest critic . people will be impressed and perhaps surprised at your approach and how much success you enjoy . the first month you may have a bit of a golden touch , so use it wisely . in autumn your energy may sag briefly , but it 's always wise to take good care of yourself and respect your limits . just be sensible . in february you might be influenced by someone else 's inspiration . enjoy the good qualities and see enhanced comfort and cleverness before year 's end . have a fantastic and wildly enriched year ! $ personal needs and obligations should come first , of course , but getting out and about can be more than just an escape valve for your heart and mind this year . step up and do your part , especially in the first month . by autumn you may have more energy , perhaps for socializing at home . remember your budget , and do not exhaust yourself . be inspired by others in february even if you do not instantly act on it . show up in public in a big way in april , and then kick back and enjoy may and june in style . love gets sweet , and maybe serious , at year 's end ! $ get your message across , or maybe just enjoy more culture and wit this year ! you 'll never know a boring moment or wonder where to go and what to see . everyone may not share your enthusiasm at first . in the fall you may want to pay more attention to things at home or with family . if friends intrusively suggest you slow down , say less and let things settle themselves , it 's only because they care . friends may inspire you again in february and march . you have friends at work , too , in april . be a friend back . love , brilliance , and warmth surround you at year 's end ! $ new friends , new places , and new activities provide a year 's worth of happiness ! the tried and true old favorites are not going away , but your tastes and horizons are expanding . charm and luck get you going in the first month and serve you well all year . if family or home life gets challenging in october and november , you have the energy and proper words and approach to make all well . you 'll be well respected in november . surprise people - and yourself - in march and april , stepping up and doing radical and new things . indulge curiosity in june and love your life every single day ! $ feelings run deep and strong this year , and you may prefer to keep them to yourself . secrecy and mystery may appeal to you , but simply respecting privacy may work just as well . the first month you 'll be conspicuous , so do not bother hiding how lucky and attractive you naturally are . in the autumn you may need to be a diplomat with friends or family . be sensitive to all sides , respecting privacy and boundaries , and achieve satisfaction everywhere . after a brief spell in the limelight in april , return to your cozy emotional cave and lap up endless love , comfort , and affection till year 's end ! $ mental sharpness and plain old good luck are yours in abundance this year ! most people will not notice , and that 's lucky , too . with slight effort , the early months can be uneventful , organized , and under control . october and november may see some sparks close to home . any quarrels or disagreements will be more about feeling and perception than about any concrete problem . your words have extra authority in november . reserve judgment and be slow to act in january if you have self - doubts . if tossed into the spotlight in april , be modest and let it blow over . enjoy a spectacular , love - filled last month after a grand year ! $ secret loves , intimate pleasures , and the sweet privacy of home may be your greatest treasures this year ! you 're brimming with luck , love , and keen wit , but you can keep a low profile and get things done . patience and temper may get strained by family or neighbors in october . handle things smoothly and do not go ballistic over nothing . your judgment is sound and your authority will be respected . protect your daily routine from flaky temporary interruptions in january . step back in april and let others take center stage . be good to your love and to yourself , and offer no explanations . what a powerful year ! $ it 's a bright new year full of golden fun and opportunities . your inner child may be near the surface , and a touch of innocent mischief could happen at any time . be the normal , responsible adult and enjoy some pleasant months before dealing with a more excitable situation in october . your sheer force of will and good heart should handle any adversity . do not be a bully , though , and let your good sense and experience show through . adventure may call you in april . be bold but safe and sane . the last few months are quieter but still intense and rich with love , life lessons , and more love ! $ be in touch with your greatest desires and ambitions this year . you may not instantly achieve them all , but you can make serious headway to get you farther down the road to success . do not be afraid of new ideas or fresh approaches if the old ones have gone stale . work steadily and see progress , although in october you might rethink or redo something at home or with family . do what makes sense and do not squabble . a needed insight might not come until april . it 's worth the wait . do not be shy either . stay modest and self - confident . people love you and what you do ! $ money and material means could be more on your mind this year . it will not consume your life , and you 'll find it easier to do well and sidestep any silly snags that happen periodically . you 're naturally organized , especially in august and september , and this will keep the rest of the year running smoothly . energy and self - motivation peak in october , when you could wrap up something major and leave emotional space to start something new and wonderful , possibly in march or april . you do not need big plans when small plans succeed in a big way . the last month rocks with success , satisfaction , and generous , big - hearted love ! $ income , gifts , and cherished belongings may matter this year , and friends young and old have generosity , advice , and good examples for you . you 're already smart , gracious , and eager to help , and people want to help you , especially in september . in october and november you can conclude something near home that 's been hanging over your head too long , and win admiration for doing so . this may inspire you in february to do something equally impressive for others . start something striking just for fun in march or april . the last couple months may be less focused but still packed with intimacy , sweet , sincere words , and embraces ! $ your luckiest and happiest times may come close to home this year . many short trips to sample new ideas and styles with close friends or family could open your eyes to more success and pleasure than you suspected . september and october would be the most mentally stimulating , so do not wait too long to explore your neighborhood or corner of town . october might need you at home to finish up an important chore . be energetic and sweep it away . be inspired and inspiring in february . a wild , crazy idea may appeal in april , but it may not hold up . it 's a glorious , glamorous , passionate year ! $ it 's lively , fun times , mostly close to home , with favorite friends and relatives . if not all close to home , then several short field trips and outings of the window - shopping nature could happen . a ripple of discontent ( possibly from a woman friend or relative ) might briefly arise in october , but tact and clear thinking make all smooth again . home affairs deserve attention in november . be energetic and systematic . take good care of yourself in january , rest and eat well . friends surprise you in march . surprise them back - in fun . the last month is sweet , smart , and very lucky ! it 's a lovely , loving year ! $ it 's time to pay attention to the people in your life . you may be surprised to find out which ones are really important , and you might find yourself to be important to a surprising someone else . some of this is karmic . with daily life , money , and job under control , relationships with friends may stir to life in october and november . stay calm and let things sort themselves out . a sudden offer of adventure could appear in march or april . a quarrelsome acquaintance could become a best friend in may . june and july shine brilliantly for you , so keep eyes and heart wide open for blessings and love ! $ this year home may feel safer ( if not always calmer ) , while the outside world offers more than its share of surprises and challenges . some of these challenges may propel you farther ahead in life - they are not just to annoy you . november and december could get emotional , but do not fret . acknowledge any feelings of insecurity and do not let anything stop you from being you . people may be fussy in january , but do not let anyone upset you . march and april are busy , exciting times with built - in comforts and favorite perks . the last month is another reward , full of love , generosity , and great company ! $ create all the peace and quiet at home that you want and need . be gentle , however , and realize that most people do not have your force of will or strong presentation . you do not need to quarrel over every little point , especially in november . do something off the wall and fun ( but not reckless ) in january . draw out a quiet person 's wisdom in february and share what you learn , if appropriate . april and may keep you running and on your toes . maybe take a trip , if only a virtual one . read that e - book . kick back at year 's end with favorite people or a precious loved one and lap up the happiness ! $ emotions run high at home , but your big heart guarantees there 's more than enough love to go around . if a relative or close friend gets difficult in november , you have tact and affection to spare . this applies to co - workers , too , in march and april . someone 's fond dream could inspire you in february , but you also know how to live in the real world . with minimum ( or no ) stress over finances or work , any challenging times in april and may can be made productive and pleasant . remember who loves you , and love back . there will be great stories and favors to share at year 's end ! $ it 's a fiery , passionate year when sharp minds and bright ideas can be sexy and fun . ( good bodies and shining smiles are still winners , too . ) keep the bills and the work situation on track and then , if you 're inclined to get away from home for a while in the fall , go . december turns to the fun , bright side . enjoy new people , places , and things . one may become a favorite . march , april , and may are mischievous times , so roll with any friendly punches and startle people into sudden smiles . keep it safe and non - combative . hugs , kisses , and clever sweet nothings enrich and expand your world ! $ do your own thing in a big way , without chasing away the rest of the world . look and feel attractive and self - assured . so long as you 're practical and remember the details of daily life , problems can be few and easily fixed . unvoiced jealousy could ruffle a calm home life in november , but you have the energy and determination to stand your ground . december and january may bring misunderstanding , but it can turn to laughter later . stay calm and enjoy life . big dreams find you in the springtime to take you on a journey , if only in the mind . it 's a stunning , sparkling year ! $ your tastes and desires may differ from what the world offers , but do not swerve from what you love . in october friends or family may suggest things you do not like to do , but be gracious and play along if you think the company is good . follow your own drumbeat in december , be calm and pleasant through the holidays , and be glad you did . if misgivings arise in april or may , that 's fine . respect your right to reevaluate earlier opinions and actions . learn , improve , and advance . love yourself , and give others the chance to love you , especially in the last month . it 's a stimulating , sexy year ! $ notice what others overlook and observe what no one else can see . it may be hard to share yours news , though , but do not let that get you down . be smart and enjoy many smooth days in the summer , then brace for a personal challenge ( perhaps suggested by a friend ) in october . november may bring moments of second - guessing yourself , mostly at home , but you can learn and profit from this with no long - term negative feelings . delight some new friends with a few favorite old tricks in the springtime . be a popular romance magnet as the year comes to a magnificent close ! $ respect those little necessities of life - things like routine and health - and see how huge the reward can be . in october and november , you may spot some small possible changes ( like just being smarter about diet ) that bring you instant energy and inspire a friend or relative . in november an old annoying issue can be resolved at home . fix , forgive , and do not forget the lesson . a breakthrough could happen in february to improve your life in many small ways . please yourself and surprise others in april . it do not have to be reckless or self - indulgent . have a loving , cozy , and successful year ! $ dreams of love fill this year , and perhaps the angel you 're visualizing could appear . if not red - hot , sexy , snazzy romance , it could still be a dream of a profoundly warm and secure heartfelt connection . friends and relationships close to home may distract you in the fall . in november some deeply rooted attachment or habit may see its end or resolution . february holds sweet sunshine for the soul , even if it 's not long lived . enjoy the blessing . be playful and entertaining in april . the final month is all charm , elegance , luxury - and more charm . it 's a heartfelt and heart - expanding year ! $ be inspired and inspire others all year . you 're already smart and practical about money and work . in the fall connect more firmly with friends who are grateful for your company . be prepared to be the authority figure at home and make a pivotal decision . share opinions without any preaching or speaking down to anyone . be respected even if you 're considered eccentric in january . the world is full of surprises in april and may . observe , assess , and appreciate the chance for change . love surrounds you all year long , but you 'll most strongly sense it in the final month . ah , love , so well worth waiting for ! $ your heart and head shift into high gear , and few will be able to resist you . take care should you charm the wrong someone accidentally . be smart , shrewd , and sensible and enjoy unchallenged smooth sailing until november , when friends may want more time than you feel you have . a family elder may want your help or just your presence later in the fall . in february a magical romance could briefly flash in your sky . shine brightest in march and april . be ambitious for others , and for yourself , too . aim high . be blessed and be a blessing for others in the last month . embrace the love ! $ a million bright new ideas may strike you this year , and several of them could click into reality . few people will be able to keep up with your quick wit , or even be able to see you coming . be sensible , practical , and do not fritter this away on simple amusement . decide for yourself what 's worth doing in october and november . friends might have other ideas . respect your own judgment at home in november and cherish the safe space . think and plan big in april , and learn great lessons for future use . surprise yourself . the last month is more private , quiet , and tremendously lucky and happy ! $ be eager to learn , improve , and lap up all the wisdom the world wants to share with you . your eyes and mind are wide open , ready to receive it all . in the fall you may be bored and resist doing the same easy things with friends . relax and let the irritation pass . choose to face a difficulty at home in november , and honor your willingness to take on the challenge . big fun comes your way in january , and in february big , loving dreams find you to make the heart beat fast . surprise yourself and delight others in april . you 're the world 's darling at year 's end ! $ do your favorite things in a big way , and get things done on a big scale . it will not take a huge effort , either , just steady attention to what matters . friends may challenge you in november . just stand your ground , be fair , and win more respect . indulge an impulse for big fun in january , but be aware that it might come back to haunt you . sweet love beckons in february , although the memory may be less sweet . live and learn . be brilliant and popular in may and june . intense pleasures and great progress can be yours . do your best and do not look back ! $ shine in public and enjoy great career opportunities this year ! there 's no point in hiding or saying no when a challenge arises . you 're up to it . start the year with a calm , focused mind , meet those daily requirements , and enjoy a sparkling november and december with active friends who keep you running . slow down and concentrate on your own affairs until february , when love might come knocking on your door with a dreamy episode . if restless or bored in april and may , take private time or a private trip . career is highlighted in may and june . have a charmed and charming year ! $ express yourself , especially in public and in the workplace . you have the tact and tenacity to get your message across without offending . the year starts with a misconception cleared up . in the fall there could be a difference of opinion , or perhaps just a clash of tastes or preferences . it 's not worth a big blowout . january brings a creative idea to life . attend to simple daily needs and drift into a romantic interlude in february . good intentions may be misunderstood in april , but do not be hurt by this . it 's a solid , proactive year of stepping out , loving , and being loved more and more ! $ career and your public image may be important to you this year , and you can make much progress finding ways to tell the world what you want . some frustrations are part of the package , so be at ease and make sure to be clear , particularly about details in the first month or two . welcome a friendly debate to further clear the air in the fall . in january you 'll sense that people want you to succeed and have fun . february is a month of valentines . be someone 's treasure , if only briefly . find an unexpected way to help in april , and benefit . love , advance , and share every day ! $ be part of a bigger extended family and take a bigger social role with friends and community . bake more brownies ( to share , of course ) or simply smile and comfort the shy and quiet around you . focus on the details of daily life despite desires for great or flamboyant things . in november friends may expect you to take the lead in everything . be bold and creative in january . a flash of love in february promises great things , but may fizzle . enjoy and do not be disappointed . a reward for a forgotten favor may appear in april . be popular , sought after , and downright loved all year ! $ social causes and group needs may claim more of your attention . you cannot rescue every kitten , obviously , but being more civic - minded on a sensible scale can take you far this year . you 're innately practical and responsible . be sensitive but not silly or self - sacrificial with friends in november . a yearned - for love might appear then disappear in february . cherish the encounter and do not mourn . not all requests are reasonable or possible in april . the last two months are full of opportunities for as many good works as you desire and as much love , affection , and luxury as can be imagined ! $ friends , family , and ties to the past could reach out and touch you more frequently this year . welcome the contact and connection . october may bring a chance for improved income . cooperate and let things happen . november may tweak a friend or two , but you have a firm grasp of things . the winter might be the season for love , so enjoy the warmth . if asked for help in april , know that it 's because you 're tried , true , and trusted . enjoy the closing two months in the arms of your favorite company , sharing so many of the gifts and good things you 've encountered this year ! $ work your best magic quietly and inconspicuously . save your energy and let others compete for the spotlight . you may feel too busy or involved to form new relationships in the first month , but this will change . in the fall you have the energy and authority to clear up a disagreement among friends . you can do this nicely and with a gentle touch . you may be briefly tempted by love in the winter . do not debate with yourself , no matter how it turns out . great energy and some mischief return in april and may . get things done for others - and yourself . have a golden , glorious , glamorous end of the year ! $ be your own best friend this year and let others be drawn to you . you 're attractive in a compelling , quiet way , and the right people will find you . welcome new - even radical - ideas , particularly in the first month , and give them a chance to bloom . if friends get jealous about something in november , let them express themselves and watch everything resolve on its own . let no feathers stay ruffled . your best talents may come out to help someone in march and april . look good and do good all year . kick back in the last month and love those countless , quiet , intimate moments ! $ mysteries , secrets , and powerful dreams may occupy you this year . your normal outside world will not be forgotten , people and finances will not be neglected , but psychic energies may intrude and call for your attention . it may not always be convenient , especially in the beginning . insights and sharp thinking can help you handle any difficulties with friends in november . feelings and psychic gifts may confuse then cooperate with desires in february . be careful but give yourself a chance to succeed with others . the last month is pivotal , with great good luck and love , and a chance for a clear view into your own ( and maybe another 's ) heart ! $ it 's a bright new year when you can see yourself in a whole new light . you do not have to totally reinvent yourself , but it 's possible . concentrate on the fine points and small things about yourself that could make the biggest differences . by the end of the first month you may feel totally different , happier , and more secure about yourself . friends are there for you in november , even if they do not agree with every word you say . flattery will not fool you in february . be gracious anyway . be energetic in april , and share liberally all the rest of the lucky , lovely , and loving year ! $ you 're at your smartest and most critical this year , so go for constructive criticism and keep spirits high . you may find yourself being the natural leader among your friends in the fall . do not invest too much energy , but let things develop as they will . do something radical and fun just for yourself in january . you deserve it . a peek into your deepest desires or into the heart of a would - be lover could happen in february . be brave . high energy and the willingness to help someone in april or may could make you even happier by year 's end . it 's a modest but magnificent year ! $ money and material well - being could be the focus of this year , in all the best ways . you can be shrewd and practical and still nice about it all , and this can smooth any rough waters and take you to higher ground and better places . people may be bold with you in october and november , but you 're level - headed and secure in your facts . lead the way to fun with your friends in november and december . empty sweet talk gets nowhere in february . the real romantic deal may come along in the last two months , so keep that smile and open - hearted disposition ! what a grand year ! $ things can click and fall into place for you in the material world this year . generosity , good timing , and just being smart will all contribute to your financial progress . details are easier to manage , so watch that budget , pay the bills on time , and enjoy being with your favorite people , especially in the fall . big pleasures can come to you at zero or very little cost in january . a romantic fantasy may find you in february . enjoy , but do not flounder in it . do some favors in april and be rewarded . the last month is full of gifts and glamorous times ! have a proactive , prosperous year ! $ look forward to busy times and many short jaunts and field trips this year . friends may try to send you off on errands in november , possibly your busiest month . indulge them if it pleases you . you are well - grounded and will not neglect your own needs , so once your essentials are met , feel free to pick and choose your options . you may be healthier than you feel in the winter . do not feel guilty , however , if you choose to slow down and go easy . you get to relax , too ! after a slightly busy april , enjoy many sensible , peaceful days and sweet hours . you 've earned them ! $ you are in charge this year , and people will do as you ask . the universe may not obey , but on the day - to - day scale , you exert great influence . be compassionate , ambitious , and make great progress this year . people may challenge you and try to be difficult , mostly in november and later near the end of the year . be gracious , but do not back down unless you decide it 's wise . be wise in the winter , and take good basic care of yourself . share wisdom and advice with superiors in april and may , and be socially promoted . it 's a year of power , plenty , and sweet passions ! $ look forward to busy times around your neighborhood , both fun times and growth opportunities . if your opinions of friends or family are changing , you are not being fickle . you 're observing , learning , and seeing deeper . be highly sharp , practical , and meticulous in the first month . this helps you deal with people in november . do something wild , crazy , and maybe moneymaking in january . shake off a self - deception in february . in april react with wit , cleverness , and good training when something unexpected arises . july and august are more fun filled ( though maybe not as relaxing ) , with lots to do with lots of people - plus a possible behind - the - scenes romance ! $ treasure your home and then go boldly forth ! you 'll feel at home anywhere in the world you go . you should not feel awkward or out of place no matter where you are or what you 're doing . your communication and people skills make you popular from the first month on . take charge with friends in november and have many happy and well - organized short outings . home life glows with holiday warmth in december and continues throughout the year . wake up to a false dream in february . the last two months shine with good luck , group entertainment , and perhaps a challenging but thrilling love interest near the end ! $ a more beautiful home and more comfortable refuge from the world could be priorities for you this year . the first month you may rethink how your home functions for others , but really you 're more focused on yourself . in november you may sacrifice a bit of comfort or glamour with friends at home , but that will not last . you should have the arrangement you need by december or early january . rest well and write down your dreams in february . be clever and lucky in april , at first for others but later for yourself as well . end the year in the lap of luxury , satisfaction , and love ! $ relax this year in a bright , love - filled home life , with plenty of success out in the world , too ! the first month you may listen to others , but you do not have to accept it all . take power into your own hands in november and december and see friends yield to your suggestions and opinions . this do not require any harsh persuasion . january might have moments of nervous energy , mostly concerning home affairs , but things really are under control . startle your family in april and delight your friends in august . the year ends on a very high , bright , and happy note ! relax , be that wonderful you , and enjoy it all ! $ work and play come together for you this year , so love what you do and benefit from it all . a hobby or social activity could turn lucrative and do more than pay for itself . in late september and october you may get an idea or glimpse of something fun turning functional , and by november friends may want to urge you on and play , too . a change at home could further make this possible . january brings you more fun and cooperative people . be responsible , but consider if you 're not passionate about it , then why do it ? starting in august the year shines with celebration , affection , and love ! $ enjoy a lot of people discovering you . being even - tempered and fun - loving will serve you well all year long . a clever idea or insight could cause some ripples here or there , but you know what you like and you know it 's worth it in the end . november lets you be in charge with friends and relatives when it comes to decisions close to home . a high hope may prove to be too high in february . be grateful rather than disappointed . have extra energy for pleasure , people , and good purposes from april through year 's end . love could quietly surprise you in the last month ! $ build that self - confidence and great inner glow that bring admiration and opportunity your way ! if an intimate someone is critical of you , rest assured a secret admirer thinks you 're beyond perfect . be honest but gentle with yourself in the first month , and turn up that smile . people are looking for it . friends , fun , and encouragement are yours in november . some disapproval at home in january might briefly slow you down , but keep smiling . any self - doubts should be eradicated after february . good luck , good times , and many happy , congenial people may be the norm by summer . and that secret admirer could appear by year 's end ! $ look and feel your the most dreamy this year ! this could attract many admirers , especially secret ones . if you are not ready to encounter them all , respect your health and comfort level . people could bring you adventurous ideas in the first month , but the ideas will not be functional until maybe the spring . friends will want to do meaningful as well as fun things in november . make suggestions , expand , and enjoy . health , basic well - being , and solid daily routine are important in february and march . the last two months could introduce you to some of those secret admirers . if comfortable , be the answer to a special someone 's dream . $ it 's a glorious year for romance and partnerships of all kinds ! if secure in a relationship , you could go deeper still . the first month is filled with practical plans and innovative ways to make life work better . november and december may be full of friends , small errands , and short trips . a practical consideration at home could shake you free in january . pay more attention to your own needs in february . you do not have to face all this alone , however . a romantic connection or other loving assistance is yours from now till year 's end , and it 's especially powerful in the last two months ! $ find that new love , find a new facet in your current love , or perhaps see a stalled love come back to life ! any of these are possible this year . during the first month think clearly and be crystal clear about your role in relationships . in november friends provide a bit of levity and good , silly fun . a drastic change at home in january might alarm some but will work out perfectly . if romance rocks your world in april , you can rock back . work and your place in the world are solid and getting luckier and sweeter as the year ends ! $ something that surprised you in the past could come back to work its positive magic again ! think conservatively as the year opens , but if you see a clever new idea or approach to life , you 'll recognize it . money may preoccupy you in october , but it will mostly be other people 's money . learn some good and useful lessons for yourself . january zooms in on home and perhaps the dramatic resolution to some nagging dissatisfaction . trust your own taste and decisions in february . people may preoccupy you in april but the following months are all yours . be happy and productive . it 's an elegant , intimate final month ! $ solid solutions and pleasing results are priorities this year . even if they 're not yet attainable , you 're crafting how you want things to be and making plans to get there . inspiration brings practical ideas in october . money matters might also improve . take charge of fun as well as entertainment expenses in november . friends will be appreciative . make that small but all - important change at home in january . take better care and love yourself more in february . you deserve it . enjoy helping someone in may . you 're really helping yourself . the last two months are full of unexpected good luck , several blessings , hugs and kisses , too ! $ the world is a beautiful place , and this year you may find ways to enjoy and perhaps care for more of it . the year begins more concerned with the mundane but important daily life issues , but with no upsets or setbacks here your attention may begin to expand to bigger realms of your life . horizons may broaden in november when friends become interested in new places , cultures , or simply new restaurants . be good to yourself ( and your stomach ) in february . work seems steady and not overly demanding . if you 're not growing flowers , a lover may start bringing them before year 's end ! $ be articulate and charming this year , and perhaps speak for those who cannot speak for themselves . you know what matters . work and finances look stable enough to permit more public involvement - and enjoyment , too . cultivate diplomacy and find energetic companions in the first month . in november interact with sympathetic friends , but do not be overly ambitious . a home affair may need attention in january . people will offer help should you request it . respect your health and energy level in february . be highly visible in june . people will remember and seek you out again in july and august . better than fame - bask in good luck , good deeds , and love ! $ communicate with a lot of people and get your message across this year ! you know what you need , want , and would like to share with the world . it do not have to be in words . you 're already clever , but observe and develop more in october . money or some possession may also take on new meaning , so be alert . november is busy with friends and maybe some fantasies . budget your time . kick - start something big and wonderful at home in january . shine in public in june , and take that popularity with you to the end of the year . add great good luck , regal pleasures , and abiding love ! $ it 's a great year to focus on career and work - related plans and desires . if choosing or building a career , networking and word of mouth are two of your most powerful tools . your public presence and communication skills are topnotch , and you 'll be seen and heard , whatever you do . make it good ! your keenest discrimination ( and perhaps the most valuable lesson or insight of the year ) comes in october . be wise with money in november and quick to act in december . be bold with a partner in april . shine brightest in june , attracting a year 's worth of luck , love , and happiness ! $ work and home will cooperate and support each other for you this year , when there 's not an emotional tug of war happening . be practical , do your best wherever you are , and do not get pulled either way . make wise decisions in the first month , and do not second - guess yourself . be thoughtful with expenses in november . friends amuse you in december , but do not exhaust yourself or your credit line . someone at home may want you in january . springtime could freshen up the romance scene . be your best , most solid , and most popular at work in july . this shines straight into your home and love life through year 's end ! $ feelings and emotional attachments drive a lot of this year for you , especially about your work and public image . if you 're shy , it may be uncomfortable for a while , but there are advantages to a high profile . act thoughtfully in october . something nice could become affordable in november . let others do the loud talking in december . something you already love at home could improve in january . be flattered by a repeat offer of love in the spring . gain more support , experience , and respect in june . your heart leads the way through a year of brilliant achievements and great love ! $ enjoy great social activities and being part of a larger crowd ! reserve energy for home and other daily needs , but break out of the mold . if not yet up for excitement , sit quietly until the spirit moves you . honor your own needs and opinions in the first month , enjoy mutual material support with a loved one in november , then brace yourself for a busy , buoyant december . invitations , phone calls , and texts - some romantic - pour in during the springtime . screen those calls in april . august glitters with happy company and big events . slow down but do not cool down in the last month , when love may be sweetest ! $ many lucky chance encounters can happen for you this year ! you might never meet again , but your lives and hearts will be touched , perhaps in a deep , permanent way . the first month is rich with self - discovery . be grateful for insights and lessons . finances are stable and sensible in november and remain so even when tested by social demands late in the year . do what matters to you in december - good friends will join you . a brash love interest may find ( or re - find ) you in april or may , to return yet again in august . keep your heart strong ! it 's a magnificent , memorable year ! $ feel regal and act with nobility ! that 's how people see you , however you feel . strong , true feelings and powerful , clear thoughts are yours in october . remember or write these down . an old favorite comfort may sustain you through any insecurity in november . be gentle but firm if challenged by friends in december . healing dreams are yours in february . be realistic and health conscious , too . a romantic fling or celebrating the anniversary of one brightens your world in april and may . daily responsibilities remain under control and in the background , so the last two months can be as fun filled and socially satisfying as you please ! $ form your own impressions and make your own observations this year . your firsthand experience has never been so important . the first month , a karmic discovery awaits you to put a few puzzle pieces together . trust your judgment in november , but do not be too proud to double - check , particularly regarding money . a false impression or too much wishful thinking in february could be corrected near the end of the year . it 's never too late - or too early - to raise that psychic antenna and sharpen those powers of rational thought . your heart will benefit , too , and attract just the right kind of love and lover ! $ be your most charming and persuasive this year one on one . social and public settings will be pleasant and successful enough , but you 'll excel on the more intimate stage . late in october be considerate of others and yourself . combine shrewdness and tact to your financial advantage in november . if you take more initiative on the romance scene in april , it may still be hard to resist some old , cozy groove . regardless , enjoy the good times . good luck and high spirits in august may be fun but not so easy to share . the last month is all yours for your heart to treasure ! $ step into your own light this year ! a karmic peek into your own mind is possible in october . get finances and expenses under firmer control in november . fun and adventures near to home are on your cosmic agenda in december . friends will encourage this . love and be loved in a bolder and more vocal way in march . disagreements should not be necessary . even you should notice a more self - confident , outgoing mood by july and august . connect better with more people in the last two months , and leave room in your heart for that most intimate and special one ! $ it 's a year of self - discovery , and the awakening of new passions and self - love ! remember any birthday dreams and let a week pass before looking for hidden meanings . be financially responsible and solid in november , just on principle . you 're on sound footing . you may need some amusement with friends in december . love , with all its thrills and risks , enlivens the springtime . you will not have to be outrageous to get noticed . your social life heats up in august . be popular and see new places with new people . pay more attention to your health and appearance in the last month . it will make you even more lovable and charming ! $ be so mentally sharp and observant that others suspect you of reading their minds . overlook nothing , however small , and then easily make sense of what the world shows you . your psychic talents ( and they 're considerable ) are in addition to these mental skills . be at your best in october , and use what you learn all year long . december is active with friends , neighbors , and casual acquaintances . february is creative , fun , and dreamy . love sparkles and amazes you in march and april . be the figurehead in your social set in august ( although you do not have to pick up every tab ) . it 's a powerful , empowering year ! $ material well - being and basic financial health may attract your attention this year . the first month may give you a clearer picture of where and what you want to be in relation to others and the world at large . you may feel a tinge of insecurity and dissatisfaction in november and december . hold yourself to realistic standards ( not impossible ones ) , do the spreadsheet , and see that you 're really fine and under control . indulge in more free - spirited thoughts and pleasures in february . be relaxed but diligent all year long , and enjoy a few glamorous moments in august . it 's a year of love and treasures ! $ you may discover that the world really does love you and that you are your severest critic . finances may come under close personal scrutiny this year , especially in november and december . be reasonable and realistic , then treat yourself as well as you try to treat others . why imagine crises far worse than anything real ? spend time with friends in december . enjoy artistic , spiritual , or just plain fun in february . you deserve it . follow your heart and surprise yourself in april . be safe , of course . be more big - hearted in august and let others enjoy your company . let others love you at year 's end ! $ you could be the life of the party all year long and dance the nights away . friends , neighbors , and favorite family members are there for you - and you for them - when things get challenging or stalled this year . you may feel under budget constraints and in less than a party mood in november , but that turns around in december . a sudden , necessary change at home in january can greatly improve your peace of mind and family relationships . love may crash in on you in april . enjoy the thrill and do not feel threatened . social life spins in high speed in august . thrill to it all ! $ it 's a fiery , big - hearted year in which it may be hard to refuse any offer or request . friends and neighbors will not intend to intrude on you or your resources so much , but you may offer more than is practical or necessary . this may occur mostly in december . be calmer and just as friendly , and be creatively inspired in february . a languishing or long - forgotten relationship might flash to life in april . if it do not ring true in your heart , well , life is change , is it not ? be gracious anyway . august is a gloriously social time . a provocative love turns positively sweet at year 's end ! $ friends and fun times close to home will make this a pleasant , relaxing year ! you may save your special charms for an intimate few , but everyone will enjoy your company and idea of fun . make some new friends and try out a fresh social scene . money is fine , but watch that budget in november . a big change at home in january may keep you close , but there are great things to do nearby . a partner or love interest could surprise you in the springtime , or you may be the one doing the surprising . friends are your good luck ! be loved all year ! $ home and being happy may be big priorities this year . you 're practical minded and no doubt have some new ideas to make your home environment more to your liking . spend some of november writing down and costing out those plans . friends will be there in december to help you make changes and relax afterward . february may be the busiest or tensest . relax and enjoy what you 're doing . a creative or spiritual activity in march can help keep you on track . romantic excitement could light up your life in april or may . it 's a sunny year rich in comfort , company , and love ! $ it 's a great year to bring home life and social life into better accord and surround yourself with happy family and friends . your playful , clever nature encourages people to listen to what you have to say . older people and relatives may be drawn to you - and be generous - in november . be busy and renew contacts in december . january may draw you deep into a home concern that will greatly enhance your overall environment . do not stress over any changes . love suddenly enters the scene in april . enjoy some rare peace and quiet until august reignites life with big fun and affection ! $ listen to your inner child this year and watch happiness and creativity bloom ! you 're completely practical and methodical , so most people will not suspect your wild , playful inner life that makes everything else possible . be conservative about spending , especially in november , and have plenty of resources for the artistic fun you need . december could bring many invitations to parties at friends ' homes . intimate is good ! a major change or shakeup in january could startle you out of taking your own home for granted . great goodwill come from this , so relax . march is creative , april is loving , and summer is big fun ! it 's a transformative year ! $ your inner child is near the surface this year and will lead you to many joyous and creative times ! you 're smart and naturally cautious , so there should be very little risk involved . you may be especially cautious regarding money in the autumn , but this will relax and leave you with more than enough resources for everything you need and want . you may crave new romantic excitement in the spring . work and rest well so you can be ready for a boost in your social life in august . the last few weeks of the year may be the loveliest and most affectionate of all ! $ goodwill and the desire to help others may be what you want most to do this year , and that 's wonderful so long as you take good care of yourself , too . think clearly and responsibly in the first two months , have energy to burn in december , and be ready for any surprise from any friend in january . maintain healthy habits in february and march . a change in partners is possible in april , or perhaps an improvement in attitude between you . it 's all good . the last two months are gloriously busy , fun , and romantic , so rest up and be good to yourself ! $ you have a high - energy year ahead , with plenty of motivation to sweep through those important little things that used to slow you down . start by being methodical and patient , step up to being more efficient and capable ( especially regarding money ) in the second month , then you can burst out , perhaps with a few friends , and tackle the world in the third month . a disagreement or amazingly happy surprise from a partner may arise in april or may . after a few unperturbed months to work as usual , celebrate and enjoy congratulations from friends and lovers . it 's a satisfying , spectacular year ! $ love could light up your world in a big way this year ! if already together , what is already great may get unbelievably better . if single , that state may not last . if not interested , well , that could change . the first quarter of the year is rock solid and practical . you may imagine problems with money in november , but nothing is seriously wrong . dream and enjoy big fun in february . love explodes on the scene in april . after a few months to cool down , big - time romance strikes again in august . step back from the limelight and cozy up with your special flame at year 's end ! $ you 're especially well loved and appreciated this year . you may not hear the words , but they 'll be in people 's hearts . charm and exquisitely clear thinking are yours , starting with the first month . if you feel nervous about money in november , by december you 'll see just how well you 're doing . take good care of yourself in march and april , and do not be caught off guard by illness or fatigue . love embraces you from family , friends , and that magical secret other in may . continue treating yourself well and meeting life 's daily necessities , and be ready for a splendidly social summer . love overflows in the last month ! $ love is rarely so luxurious and secure as it will be this year . people will love you on sight , and that special someone will not be able to do enough to make you happy . your deeper , more serious nature will only make you more desirable and mysterious from the first month on . you 'll be interested in everything and friends will not be able to keep up , especially in winter . be safe and healthy in april and pampered in may and june . social life and work may overlap , to everyone 's benefit , starting in august . the last month may be the most charming and charmed of all ! $ you have all the energy and tenacity you want or need this year , so do not hesitate ! you 'll do everything with class and composure , too . you 'll always have the right word for the right person , starting in the first month . your authority and money decisions will be sound and unquestioned in november . reserve time and happily blow off steam with friends in december . respect your own well - being in march and april . in may someone may need a substantial favor . do what you can and feel good . work gets busy and lucrative in the summer . love and luxury round out a great year ! $ communicate perfectly , say what you really mean , and hear what others really intend . with your infinite charm and irresistible smile , people will gladly answer your questions . a subtle sense of humor endears you to people in the first month . your patient , practical grasp of money matters impresses others . do not be anxious about anything this year . time with friends may be important in december . a happy fantasy could make february pleasant . take extra good care of yourself in april . you deserve it . talk , listen , and maybe help someone out in june . work is steady and generous , private life and love even more so ! $ horizons broaden and the whole world becomes your learning place . the only hard part is staying focused on one thing long enough to fully understand it . it 's no matter when life is this interesting , engaging , and fun ! think deeply and clearly in the first month . if you 're insecure about money or possessions in november , relax . things are fine . be energetic and upbeat with friends in december . be safe and health conscious in april . maybe take a trip or watch an inspiring travelogue in june . you could have a lucky break or gratuity in the summer - oh , and extra - charming love as the year ends ! $ connect with people you care about , no matter how far away or how long since you saw them last . someone might contact you in the first month , or perhaps they 'll just come to mind . you could get sentimental about an old possession or souvenir in november and want to spring into action and spend time with more people in december . make a new spiritual friend or two in february . be sure to take good care of yourself , and do not experiment with too many crazy new diets in april . enjoy your work in the summer , and positively love the end of the year ! $ feel at home anywhere in the world this year , and get attached to a few new favorite places , people , and things . your great natural charm will make you popular no matter where you are . your clear , thoughtful nature makes you easy to get along with . being practical , energetic , and enthusiastic in the first three months will propel you through a successful , happy rest of the year . a brief escape into fantasy lightens up february . play it safe in april . a trip is possible in july . work is pleasant and plentiful in august . the last month is full of harmony , happiness , and love ! $ be more visible at work and pay more attention to how others see you . in the first month you may fine - tune your appearance and think about how to control what others think and say about you . just be your basic charming , competent self . be motivated to improve your income and manage money more wisely in november . take good care of yourself and glow with health in april . advancement at work , or perhaps more satisfying work , is possible in july and august . do not be overeager and chase any good luck away . it 's a powerful , successful year full of richness and love ! $ you 'll be on a lot of people 's radar this year , and having such a public presence will bring you much good luck . your mental and social skills are at their peak and work together flawlessly , starting in the first month . pace yourself and do not overwork , especially in november and april . money and possessions may motivate you in december , making it sometimes hard to slow down . find artistic or spiritual release in february . you glow in the work world in august . an increase in money , reputation , and recognition are all possible . be modest and know you 're worthy . enjoy a glorious , glamorous year ! $ it 's a great year to launch a new career or business or build a public image . you have plenty of energy and motivation to excel at dealing with large numbers of people , making everyone happy . speak with gentle authority in the first month . if you 're feeling a bit old , that will stop when energy booms for you in december . do not overextend or get overambitious , but reserve some of that extra motivation and money . be joyful and inspired . respect your health in february and march . be strong and rested for summer - you 'll be at your most conspicuous , competent , and lucky ! $ associations , clubs , and social life are big - and lucky - priorities this year . people relate to you easily and enjoy your company , which can mean networking success . if you need more private time in the first month , it could be scarce . in december people will give you many leads and fuel your drive for more money and possessions . there could be a major shift or change in your neighborhood in january . be safe and healthy in april . star at work and perform well in august . friends , fans , and supporters admire you in the last two months - and so does that special intimate someone ! $ think big , talk with lots of people , and go out and be seen ! it 's no time to hide out with a small circle of friends and associates . think instinctively before you act in the first month , and balance charm and mature sophistication . a monetary windfall ( maybe some borrowed money returned to you ? ) or valuable gift may find you in december . say thank you . dream big in february . avoid needless risks in april , and play it safe and happy . be more prominent at work in august , and do not shirk from being more in charge . get social and popular in september . it 's a fun , fabulous year ! $ you can build complicated teams and partnerships and keep as many of your actions as quiet as you please this year . you can achieve a huge amount behind the scenes , and people will appreciate your discretion . you 're at your most charming and clever . your authority is strong in the first month . december ignites your drive to acquire better income and possessions . wishful thinking in february attracts people to you in march . be realistic and take care of yourself in april . a lucky career break or some public action raises your prestige . the last month is extremely powerful for you - smart , sexy , and immensely comforting ! $ take the soft approach and use your infinite charm and sharp wit , starting in the first month , and be successful and well received all year long . act with authority and maturity . respect your health and any physical limitations , however . find new sources and connections for income and desired possessions in december . a sudden change near home could affect you and your friends in january . be healthy and safe in april and stay active and energized . work is lucrative and lucky in the summer . the last month is intimate and full of luxury and love ! it 's a magnificent year ! $ popularity and charm are among your greatest secret weapons this year . you seem to read people 's minds and hearts , and nobody can resist your personal magic one - on - one . speak with a more conservative and respected voice in the first month . work hard behind the scenes in december and be rewarded for your efforts . share your creative imagination with others in february . take some extra precautions in april and respect your health . eat and rest well . good times and generous work situations fill august . in the last month thinking is stellar , feelings are powerful and empathetic , and love is tremendous ! $ niceness gets serious for you this year as you realize just how great it is to be able to be both . a deeper side of you emerges early , and people instantly respect you more and listen to what you have to say . you can modify this to suit your place and company , and your instincts will be flawless . be smart and ambitious in december . be conservative and a bit self - protective in april and commanding at work in august . things go your way socially in september . the year ends with you in full control of your critical thinking and tender feelings . love and be loved deeply ! $ think clearly , sharply , and quickly all year long . others may get confused from time to time , but you 'll instantly see through to what 's most important to solve any problem . be good to yourself , but do not take yourself too seriously , especially in the first few months . work hard in december and see material gains , though not as big as your dreams . dream big again - spiritually this time - in february . work opportunities and good luck explode for you in august . the last month is for retrospection , a bit of cool quiet time , and maybe some hot love ! have a sharp , sizzling year ! $ you 're on fire to make your mark and win whatever prize has caught your eye . while money and material possessions may be the superficial focus , your mind and heart will not stop there . being responsible and mature gains you popularity as the year begins . people will work with you in december to the material benefit of all . you 're extremely practical and motivated , a powerful combination . enjoy a meditative or spiritual respite in february and emerge stronger . be safety conscious in april . be prominent and effective at work in august to even more benefit and respect . in the last month reflect , relax , and get romantic ! $ your mind and heart are strongly in sync this year , bringing great material progress . you add sincere charm and maturity to everything you do , and people respond to this . take your well - being seriously , and be at your strongest and best all year long . self - motivation gets practical in december , and doors will open and lucrative offers will be made to you . be proactive , inventive , but cautious in april and see daily benefits , however modest . be popular , masterful , and in charge of your situation at work in august . your private thoughts and most intimate feelings come out full force at year 's end ! $ this is a high - octane year for you , when there will be no stopping you once you get going ! money and possessions ( including your own body ) are of utmost concern , and you 'll pursue the best and the most you can achieve all year . your serious concern for others gives you a great advantage , and so does your determination to take care of business . be smart and steer clear of any risky situations or actions , so be safe and healthy . be lucky at work in august , though everything might not be easy . enjoy a year vastly rich in affluence and affection ! $ friends and good times near to home smooth out a busy year . you 're popular and people trust you . slightly more old - fashioned manners or presentation could improve how people see you . be keen and active in pursuit of more income or material acquisitions in december . heavy - duty january is when friends or neighbors might present a scare . do not get nervous or paranoid stay cool and practical and help others cruise through the event . good feelings and intentions abound at home . good health and basic safety deserve extra attention . perform well at work in august and gain prestige and possibly future benefits . it 's a brilliant year ! $ desire for security and good times with friends and family may tug at your heart this year . a gracious , graceful attitude endears you to older relatives and especially female friends in the first three months . a strong practical streak may cause people to turn to you for help and advice in january . there 's plenty of time and outlet for pleasant times and fun , so do not let any imaginary fears ruin this for you . home is a more magical and inspiring place in february . be healthy and safe in april , and very successful at work in the summer . have a bright , loving year ! $ imagine what you want to do and have at home , and set in motion some of those changes now . older relatives and friends - and possibly some older women friends - will instantly understand and support you . work hard in december , see more cash flow , and save and apply to your future plans . a big change in the life of a friend or neighbor in january could further set you in motion . be inspired and inspiring at home . avoid any hazards , major or minor , in april . after some stunning good luck at work in summer , prepare for peace and massive love as the year ends ! $ be lucky and prominent all year ! you may be very productive behind the scenes , but you 're going to be spending more time at center stage , so do not overlook how productive that can be , too . cultivate extra charm and quiet good sense the first month . money may come , go , and come again in january . this will only further motivate you . home life becomes sweet and satisfying in february . hearts meet and dreams come to life . have mischievous fun in april . dazzle people at work and in public , with recognition and reward to come , especially in august . calm reflection and warm affection complete a great year ! $ your fondest wishes and plans for home may take work , but you have the vision , the means , and the luck to accomplish wonderful things for your home and family . accept invitations and suggestions in the first two months . a money matter could flare in january , resolving very much in your favor . your home environment gets refined , dreamy , and more comfortable and comforting in february and march . spread your wings and be creative in april . work becomes important in august . do your best , be gracious , and reap great rewards . september and october are more subdued and private . a romantic revelation answers a karmic question at year 's end ! $ have great fun and share great joy with many people this year ! derive maximum satisfaction by being creative and encouraging others to follow their dreams . you 're attractive , smart , and patient , so the year may start slowly , but it will not be boring . keep track of your money in january , and do not make any rash decisions . home will be a dreamy refuge in february and march . the most intense time could be april and may . make the most of it . luck and popularity peak in july and august . make the most of this , too . an important lesson in october will serve you well for a long time ! $ surprise and the ability to turn the unexpected your way will be superpowers for you this year ! maintain control , do not get carried away with the thrill , and see great things happen almost on their own . being popular and practical brings many friends and allies in the first month . a money surprise could happen in january , so be sharp and do not overreact . relax with family in february . watch for wild fun and romance in april . be in the spotlight and prosper at work all summer long . catch your breath and cozy up to a smarter , more serene relationship in the last month ! $ be a bundle of energy on a daily basis this year ! if work or home routines get boring , you 'll find endless ways to vary things and keep your interest fresh . take good care of your health and make incredible progress . be financially motivated in january and generate some extra income . be motivated for some fresh fun in april and may . keep track of the little things in june . expertly handle big things at work in august and see rewards . schedule quiet time in the last two months and have a private insight with positive karmic results . extra love and good company conclude the year ! $ decide what you really want to have and then apply slow , steady pressure to make it happen ! be pleasant and practical with everyone , and make new friends to share your adventures this year . impatience with money or some valued possession could cause some stress in january . relax and do not imagine difficulties . in may and june you may question your resolve , but be systematic , trust your judgment , and find your answers . a big lucky break at work or in some other public setting in august could take you to a higher place . love , wisdom , and a personal insight are yours this year ! $ love , romance , and all things charming and seductive will surround you this year ! some will be fantasy , but very few . love will have substance and solidity , to have and to hold . the first month set your intentions , establish your style , and let companions know what you like and expect . appearances matter . watch the budget because shopping could be big in february . a wild romantic fling in april has thrills but will not last . in may and june your heart settles down and you could meet that special someone . be big - hearted all summer . insightful discussion and deep affection fill the last few months ! $ love sparkles as never before ! if you 're looking for that ideal heartthrob , more than one could show up at your door . if you 're not , love is still going to be the prime mover for this year . in the first month you may have the tastes of a perfectionist , but you crave variety , too . one big night out in january might need the whole month 's budget if you 're not careful . recover in comfort at home during february and march . june promises the most romantic times , thrilling new places , and elegant occasions . feel regal ( if not worshipped ) all summer . treasure those memories at year 's end ! $ you 'll be a natural problem solver this year . even when there 's no time to think , you 'll spot the solution right away . as the year starts you 'll be thinking in simple , direct , practical ways that cut through the most complex of situations . a financial matter in february will be easily resolved . your people - pleasing skills will also smooth the way . relax and enjoy home life in february and march . kick up those heels and dance in april ! be the center of attraction in august . watch the summer 's great good luck persist all the rest of the year . be especially loved and appreciated in the last few months ! $ taking care of business ranks high for you this year , and a lot of that business may not even be yours . be patient , listen , and take time to reply , especially with loved ones in the first two months . keep to that budget and stay secure in january . make your home more loving and lovely in february . in april surprise someone with an old favorite trick they 've never seen you do . june and july may be busy with other people 's concerns . do what you can and have no regrets . win hearts in august and win minds in october . it 's a splendid , loving year ! $ enjoy a lot of mutual concern and give and take among friends and family this year . no one will feel stranded or forgotten when times are easy or rough . be the tactful voice of reason for your family in the first few months . put more energy into increasing income in january , and see quick results . mind the budget , though . decompress with some mildly crazy fun in april and may . people may need one another in july - be there and be cherished . be sublimely lucky and popular in august . as the year ends , be greatly respected , loved , and admired ! $ big thinking and big family support take you very far this year ! spend the first month being clear about how you want to look and act , and then be practical about pursuing your immediate goal . take one thing at a time . some extra energy and attention to budget and earnings will pour added income your way in january . a sweet dream at home in february could enter the waking world . be popular and widely respected in july and august . casual friends may look at you differently after october . a true love will never lose sight of the real you , though . it 's a love - filled year ! $ take the long view this year and be bold in your plans for the future . big changes for the better could be set in motion now . practicality and good presentation will help you accomplish a lot in the first month . be bold but not daring or reckless with money in january if a big opportunity comes your way . nurture that big private dream in march . creative boldness can bring success in april . see and be seen in july and august . be self - assured and comfortable with others . you may reassess some of your decisions and opinions in the last month . let yourself be richly loved ! $ your challenge this year is to not doubt your great good luck and to feel deserving of all the success that 's coming your way . you have all the social graces and good sense needed to achieve your goals , so step out of the shadows , smile , and proceed . the first month is crucial to building momentum , so allow no excuses . a financial opportunity could open up in january . be smart and decisive . a spiritual touchdown may bring you comfort in february . opportunity , timing , and popular support are all yours in august . do not be nervous and look the other way . it 's a bright , golden , love - filled year ! $ your lucky star is shining bright , bringing you more popularity , respect , and recognition than you feel prepared to receive . people love you , and you return the affection . in the first month give thought to how you want the world to see you and then conform to your own view of you . money may come and go and come again in january . be practical and prepared . spend some healing time at home in february . july and august will put you in the spotlight and bring many people your way . a quiet person may have a special love for you . sweet , intimate memories reflect this rich year ! $ career , prosperity , and success come together for you this year ! as your daily work advances your career plans , happiness and fulfillment follow . your authority will be respected , starting in the first month . people will like you and like how you do things . a business or money opportunity ( or outright gift ) might appear in january . be sharp , smart , and gracious . friends provide fanciful amusement in february . april has exciting fun . august and september are your months to shine brightest at work and in public . in the last month look back at how far you 've come and see how much love surrounds you ! $ people will hear your voice and want to hear what you have to say ! they will mostly agree and comply , too . make new friends in the first month , though some may not last long . money or a valuable article might come your way in january . you know how to take good care of things . friends give you a spiritual lift in february . crazy fun or hot romance flashes in april or may . be thrust into the public eye in august , and be a central figure at work in september , all to your great credit . it 's a smart , shining , and sexy year ! $ let people into your life and they will take you good places ! if not much of a joiner or group person , you may become one in a minor way this year . after the first month you 'll feel as attractive as people perceive you to be . have confidence in your money - handling abilities , too , particularly in january and february when there may be more money to handle . relax with neighborhood friends in march . be bold but not reckless in april and may . watch the budget in august and participate in community generosity . from october until year 's end is rich in company and intimate love ! $ trust yourself , let people support you , and succeed ! relax any severe self - criticism in the very first month and cheerfully go out there and try things . energy , money , and a sudden opportunity are yours in january . be sensible but not reticent . talk to people and ask opinions and advice , especially in february . you 'll hear hopes and wishes as often as practical tips . all may be useful in time . be a rebel in april and then let it go . get happily lost in a generous crowd in august . october and november have karmic insights and connections that show you just how deeply you 're respected and loved ! $ social life and friends may become more important to you this year ! be your normal , friendly self , but let your heart open to better appreciate true friends and kindred spirits . money or some big gift in january could bring you new friends , some of them fair - weather ones . you 'll spot them . time with established , trusted friends in february more than makes up for past excitement . break out in april with some passionate fun . be safe , though . dance in the big crowd in august and then waltz into october , when you may prefer a smaller group . the year is full of fun , good people and better and better love ! $ have some brilliant insights about the people in your life . you do not have to share your new knowledge with anyone , though you might confide in one or two special intimates . people like you and will want to talk with you , especially in the first month . the second month , real life and money concerns may steal your attention and be of great benefit later . this could come in handy at home in april . your social life picks up in august , though you may not feel totally connected with everyone . the last month gets intense , perhaps with a secret uncovered and the return of a deep love ! $ it 's a new year and a new you with fresh passion in your heart ! people may please you more , and they will be drawn to your sheer love of life . in january a passion - or just a better appreciation - for money and possessions could spur you to find more income in a more pleasing way . if a friend hurts your feelings in february , forgive and forget . make a small but radical change at home and be happy . do something social and grand , but affordable , in august . the last month look back critically but sympathetically on all you 've done and enjoyed . it 's a passionate , love - filled year ! $ be your own shining light this year and see how many people love and follow you ! no matter what great advice or recommendations you receive , your decision will be the right one . let material concerns motivate you in january and perhaps acquire more than you anticipated . be there for friends in february , but do not take everything personally . touch up something at home and greatly please yourself , if no one else . august is festive , if expensive , so take care . the last two months are full of plans , reconsideration , and memories . you know who loves you . be loved and love back . it 's a very powerful year ! $ your generous spirit drives you forward to happiness and success ! keep yourself in the equation of life , help others , and greatly help yourself . material well - being is the focus of january , and you have energy and luck to profit from all your work . friends offer relief , comfort , and fun in february . in march and april fill your home with a fresh feeling that 's pure you . august can get exhausting and expensive , so respect some limits , as hard as that may be . the last month may have some frustrations , but do not get impatient or question any decisions you 've made this year . live and love to the fullest ! $ money and material security may be on your mind a lot this year , and you have the resources and support to take care of it all ! cheerfully work hard at what you love , and banish any anxieties . from the first , people like you and want you to succeed . january brings the first and perhaps biggest opportunity to nail down more income and financial security . be realistic , pragmatic , and proactive . watch expenses in august , but do not stint or feel deprived . in the last two months appraise this successful year , with plans for more success to come . be proud , love yourself , and be loved ! $ be brave and bold - hearted and charge through the year ! nothing can hold you back once you set a direction and goal for yourself . most of your energy and attention will go into practical projects , work , and money , so you could go very far indeed . january will be the most opportune time , so stay sharp and be ready . in the spring make a big personal change at home and have the comfort and peace you want and need . in august and september public concerns may impose , but you will not lose focus . end the year with a lot of gain in both material wealth and great affection and love ! $ the practical side of life will hold fewer mysteries for you this year ! finances and material possessions may occupy your attention , but you 'll never lose sight of the bigger picture or forget what all your work is for . people will see this and want to be with you and help when they can from the first month on . january could be the most intense and busy , so be ready for anything . august puts you in the public eye or socially more central . in the last few months you 'll see how far you 've come , how much you 've learned , and how very much love you 're receiving ! $ happy birthday greetings to you ! if you 're starved for new people , places , and things , you 'll be thrilled with this year . great variety and all things bright and beautiful will catch your eye , entertain , and enlighten you . you radiate charm , and people will enjoy your company . extra money could suddenly appear in january . see how much you can retain . february and march are happy , stimulating times at home and on short outings with friends . august lets you indulge your passions in a bigger way with more people . keep expenses under control if you can . the last two months hold the most personal progress and the deepest love and regard ! $ be inspired by your friends and share your loftiest aspirations and goals with those most intimate with you . you 're exceptionally charming this year , so people may spontaneously confide their dreams to you . be sympathetic and respectful . money and material concerns may take precedence in january . you 'll be skillful and energetic without forgetting your inspiration . friends and family reenergize you in march and april . be dynamic and popular in public in august . a karmic moment at work in october reinforces your resolve . the last two months are full of love and heartfelt wisdom from someone who may know you better than you know yourself ! $ it 's a pivotal year to complete something big or perhaps create a firm foundation for a long - cherished dream . either way , it 's a year of success , stability , and deep , strong roots into a prosperous future . self - confidence and support from friends and family are yours . money is there , too , though it may go out as well as come in . budget and plan accordingly . what you enjoy at home and with friends in the spring will expand and bring you popularity in the late summer . by october you 'll have accomplished a great deal and see ways to build on it . love is part of your foundation this year , too ! $ an endless supply of quiet charm can take you through a busy , productive year . be motivated to handle all manner of money issues in january , organize finances , and possibly see some improvement in income . do not think big - think practical . february has plenty of fun and fantasy escapes with good friends . see your home in a new light in march and april and be more happy and comfortable all the rest of the year . your small gestures and efforts will have big results , at work as well as socially , from august until year 's end . learn , love , and be loved in the biggest way ! $ overflow with energy and passion , and see a lot of lingering loose ends tied up and laid to rest . a smile at the right time can resolve a problem . imagine what an appropriate hug could do . january and february may be busy with earning more income and spending more time with friends , so be realistic and seek a balance . april and may enrich your home life and give you a stronger sense of direction . august may briefly put you in the public eye , but a temporary change can be good for morale . end the year smarter , more stable , and more secure in all your relationships . $ this year you 'll have a taste for fun and living life to the fullest . people will flock to your side , so there will be no lack of company or inspiration . you may do something new in the very first month that sticks with you for a long time . keep expenses in hand during january and a better cash flow is possible . friends provide dreamy entertainment in february . a family member could surprise you in april . relax . it 's nothing very new . summer offers bigger boisterous fun . balance work and play in october and benefit greatly . it 's a year of popularity , generosity , and love ! $ crazy fun and adventure may tug at you at times , but you have built - in restraints that keep the situation under control ! be both bold and realistic , and fulfill some of those dreams and urges . your work ethic ignites in a big way in january , giving you opportunities to improve your income . friends and big fantasies may fill up february . enjoy , but do not expect perfection . a smart but crazy - looking idea may solve an old problem at home in march or april . pursue your own plans uninterrupted , with a dash of big summer fun , and conclude the year wiser , admired , and greatly loved by someone you least expect ! $ your daily routine can be a great source of pleasure and discoveries this year if you can sit still long enough ! restlessness may be an issue , but never boredom . your natural charm will bring new people to you who will introduce you to no end of clever new places and things . money should be abundant , though you might want to spend more , often intending to share . enjoy , but remember to budget . receive generosity in august and september . an observation at work in october enhances your people skills . love and wisdom in love touch you in the last two months . it 's an exciting year ! $ romance and the yearnings for new love could fill your heart all year long . you will not need to go looking , since charm pours from your very presence . be careful about whom you smile ( or even look ) at ! in february imagine your dream partner and it could happen by june . be wildly popular all year , especially in summer . from august until year 's end people will want to treat you well . respond in kind , as finances allow . a karmic meeting could occur in october , but it may not click until much later . spend the closing months in a warm embrace of soulmate quality ! $ love touches many aspects of your life this year . be quietly popular and have many people seek you out for company and comfort . they will not all be needy - some will have comfort to offer you . someone may appreciate a change in you that you have not noticed or acknowledged . money and material concerns may profitably occupy you in late january . friends present a pleasant escape ( and perhaps a small problem or two ) in february . open discussions and open hearts are a theme for the whole year , but especially june . people greatly love you in august . gently touch many hearts by year 's end ! $ love of self , love of home , and that special tender , romantic love will guide this year ! you may be lured into loving the outlandish , too , especially in the first month . self - interest and a desire to have more to share will motivate you to work harder in february . friends may urge you to relax in march . consider it . something you love at home may displease a loved one in april . by june it will all be forgotten . be of service to people in august , and then give them the pleasure of pleasing you . great love and keen insights are yours before year 's end ! $ great forces gather beneath the surface of this low key year ! your intellect and people skills are at their peak , but you may still crave some major change . go easy on yourself and others all year . money and your talent for finding more are more than adequate , though you may question this in january and july . be realistic and plan accordingly . let friends pursue fantasies in february . you may not want to relocate , but an opportunity could arise in april . be realistic . relationships and love surround you as the months unfold ! if dissatisfied with your considerable progress , treasure all the love ! $ you do not have to solve everyone 's problems this year , but you certainly have the strength and know - how to do so . be sweet and firm as the year begins . see a radically different side of yourself in january . this can benefit you in your finances and in the work world in february and october . a change at home or with family could be big but no surprise in april or may . people may keep you busy with their problems in july and august . listening can be helpful , too . honesty and heart - warming clarity in an established love affair are yours in the final months ! $ it 's a generous , joy - filled year when the good luck you lavish on others reflects back on you ! the first month may be one of the richest , so open your heart right away . the second is rich in energy and drive to better yourself and your financial state . although things are fine , anything can be improved . friends can inspire you the next month . home life could see a simple but radical improvement in april and may . master a difficult situation in august and earn great respect . if your social life slows a bit , you may welcome the change of pace . it 's a love - filled , generous year ! $ you may not feel like a perfectionist , but this year you are . you have that magic touch to do all the little things exquisitely right . start the year listening and watching , and see method in any madness . work diligently in february and earn money as well as fondness and respect . keep aspirations high but expectations low in february and march . a surprise at home could distract you in april but will not make you careless . be wise , generous , and lucky for others - and you - in august . maybe cut back on social groups in november and spend more time relaxing with that special love ! $ make plans for a trip that 's been calling to you . it may not be far , but it will be far enough from daily routine to freshen your attitude , warm your heart , and expand your mind . even an imaginary trip can make possible a brilliant , accomplished year . be on the move in the first month and get inspired . be ambitious and successful in january and february . you 'll notice how much more you can do for yourself and others ( with apparently no extra effort ) in august and september . then love your peace and quiet , and the cozy affection that comes with it , the last few months ! $ you may feel a tug of war between wanting to live on the grand scale but work on the ideal , detailed , smaller scale . why choose when you can pursue both and succeed ? do serious brainstorming on the biggest plans the first month . the second month be motivated , ambitious , and willing to go it alone even if you 're working on behalf of others . respect a setback at home in april , but do not stop . august opens a lucky period . share , then greatly benefit . in september focus on details and advance socially . go slowly , love yourself , and attract lasting love in the last two months ! $ be popular wherever you go ! if not the brightest star , you 'll still shine and hear people call your name . your thoughts are lofty and your charm has practical aims . surprise yourself in the first month . be financially sensible and make great progress in february . relax with some wild , crazy friends in april . brilliant ideas and actions in august may not work out as planned . it is not your fault . smile and keep going . october is bright with popularity , success at work , and maybe a karmic gift . the last few months are calm , quiet , and passionate in all the right ways ! $ find that ideal job , excel at the work you have , or maybe finally recognize the work that feeds your soul ! you 're also a powerful people person , so work that crowd and nurture those relationships . the friends and decisions you make in the first two months will mean a lot in the summer and fall . make financial and business contacts in february and march . break loose with friends in april . enjoy being needed in august . favors done now will return many - fold . shine at work and in public in october , but be mindful of changes to come . respect , admiration , and love are all yours this year ! $ get serious about the work you love and see a year of success ! it 's easy to think through the big picture and then put together practical and popular plans that work like a charm . what looked like mere dreams last year can begin to happen in the first couple months . be ambitious and focused on a dream in march . extra money could follow . friends may disagree in april but no one will leave you . solve someone 's big problem and make a big impression in august . career opportunities abound in october . quiet , sincere , long - term affection finds you and ends the year with love ! $ career and a strong public presence can take you where you want to go ! clear , solid thinking and masterful social skills are only two of your gifts this year . work hard in february , do not underestimate yourself , and improve your finances . friends may tempt you into unwise but fun old habits in april . be nice but stay practical and decline . be big - hearted in august and september , but again , stay practical . a karmic lesson in october could redirect your career path . a change made now could have big ramifications . be patient and wise . indulge in more private - and more intimate - times in the closing months ! $ social life may be more important , pleasant , and productive this year ! how do the demands of your social activities add to or subtract from the rest of your life ? at first you may want to do more of everything with everyone , but this will calm down in late february and march when you focus more on the practical aspects of daily life , pay bills , and earn more income in a pleasant way . frivolous friends grow boring in april . your generous spirit returns in august and september but in a wiser , more sensible form . great progress , admiration , and affection conclude a powerful year ! $ do countless good works and random acts of kindness this year . most will be anonymous , so leave the glory to others . be rewarded in other , more material ways , especially in february and march ( when you might be most active and motivated ) . step outside the box ( not that you 're in one ) with friends and have some profitable fun in april and may . do something small in september and come to the rescue in a big way for someone special . it 's a year of blessing others and being blessed , most especially with love . feel good about yourself and your whole life every day ! $ spread those angel wings and fly this year ! it do not get much more fun than that , and the benefits are great . think things through clearly and practically on a daily basis , starting in the first month , and watch your daily life graciously improve . this includes dealing with money , especially in february . energy and ambition peak now , and will carry you through several productive months . in august your generosity assists someone and brings you rewards , too . do a public deed in october , small to you but big in others ' eyes . tender love surrounds you all year , especially in the last month ! $ here 's a powerful , peaceful year that 's anything but boring ! it 's rare to get this much opportunity to focus on your own stuff , work hard , and move forward by leaps and bounds . the first two months are the most dynamic , but the whole year gives you elbow room for progress . budget smartly and work hard in the second month and bring a dream to life . friends may doubt in april , but they 'll come around . someone may need your support in august . a karmic door opens for you in october . take good care of yourself from november on , and share more quality time with a special someone ! $ it 's the year to treat yourself well and accomplish many things that the world has made difficult in the past . surprise and maybe pleasantly shock a few people with your straightforward , practical boldness . the first two months hold the most stellar assistance , so work hard , get finances and budget in keen focus , then blast unhindered through the year . shed a useless old habit in april . august lets you bless and be blessed . a karmic insight in october will improve many future relationships . the last two months are all yours , with love , quiet popularity , fondness , and comfort . you 've earned it ! $ the year is full of remarkable insights and valuable lessons . use them wisely and do not look down on yourself or others for any previous oversights or mistakes . use the early months to hone your skills at managing money and earning more , if needed . stand up for yourself and deepen friendships in april and may . your heart is in tune with the needs of others in august and september . be practical and all will benefit . the most valuable bolt from the blue may strike in october . process it slowly and calmly . be sociable and let others love you , especially in the last two months ! $ it 's a brilliant year full of personal power and few obstructions to your goals ! the opening weeks of the year are the most intense ( and intensely helpful ) , so spot opportunities and pounce . you 're full of energy all year , especially in the second month . organize finances , nail down a realistic budget , and make great progress . if friends disapprove of something in april , it 's simply a difference in taste . you know what you like . if expenses increase in august , be patient . it 'll turn around . make a karmic connection in october , then be socially active ( but not wildly so ) and privately pampered and loved ! $ dreams of material bliss may inspire you this year . you 're energetic enough to assure that a few of these dreams could happen , so stay realistic and resist the urge to give away as quickly as you acquire . great things may be possible in the future , so yes , dream then plan wisely . the busiest months may be the first three , so act right away . question old habits and stale advice in march and april . be of great service - and be compensated - in august . a karmic partnership could broaden a horizon for you in october . go places physically and emotionally . it 's a loving , inspired year ! $ be shockingly clever , socially smooth , work hard for your own causes , and make a lot of good things happen ! your own talents put you ahead in the first month . skill at handling and pursuing money will advance you in the second . be prudent in what you choose to do and come out ahead every time . you may bewilder old friends and family in april . be understanding but undeterred . august lets you help someone out . do it , if you can . enjoy a cool , comforting social scene in the last few months , with great love in more intimate settings . it 's a power - packed year ! $ find countless surprising delights close to home and in the company of choice friends and family this year . be amazing all year , but do not take yourself too seriously . the first two months are high energy - you can accomplish the most the fastest - so pace yourself . be productive and see income improve . emotions may calm down in march and april , but you 'll have the most fun now . work hard for others but do not exhaust yourself in august and september . watch for enlightenment in october . november and december , tone down social interactions and see passion and affection pour in from a long - time lover ! $ some old habits will surprise you and serve you well , but others may hold you back . you 're smart . you 'll see things differently this year . be patient - wise decisions will follow . the first three months may be busy and confusing , so refuse to be rushed . money and prospects for more income are good , especially in february , but do not be frivolous . you may be less than pleased with friends in march and april . do not get short - tempered and emotional . feel good about everyone again in august , and enjoy reciprocal generosity . in the last two months dispel any regrets about past decisions and accept great love from many people ! $ home , luxuries , permanence , and stability may draw you more than in the past . in the first month use fresh ideas and social contacts to pursue a modest dream . your energy bursts its bounds the second month , and nothing is too high for your aim . be sensible and win admiration with your success . money improves with persistence , so work hard and do not give it all away . complete a big project at home april and may and feel secure all year long . easily solve someone 's big problem in august and gain more respect . a great , long - lasting love finds you in the closing months ! $ the comforts of home and the love of family may bring you great pleasure and be easier than ever this year . the first month you may effortlessly become the heavy lifter on many projects and not even notice . skillfully make easy work of managing your own financial and material concerns , especially in february . others might be helping behind the scenes . surprising news could come in april . be content and intuitive about home and family affairs in may . be bustling and happy in august . big crowds may be burdensome in november , but intimate groups and more quality love time can fix all ! $ it 's a great year full of creative comforts and a few innocent guilty pleasures ! keep control of those expenses and even the guilt can go away , leaving pure pleasure . with a little thought in the first month , you can generate more charm and even sex appeal for the rest of the year . february brings ideas and opportunities to improve the money flow . april allows for some old favorite but still radical fun with friends . june is the richest and most creative . be lucky for others and benefit in august . slow down in november for some quiet , cozy , affectionate fun . be smart but enjoy every day ! $ have a blast and share your clever , creative happiness with everyone ! you have the gift of charming , surprising , memorable speech , and you 're quick on your feet . be productive and busy with money matters in february , although your dreams may be bigger . stay real and profit . friends cheer and distract you in april . do what pleases you most in may and june , though it may be hard to explain to others . in august someone else 's concerns could cost some of what you gained in february . be compassionate but sensible . social contact may cool in december . enjoy the peace . big - hearted love is yours all year ! $ love yourself more and let more love find you ! whether it 's exciting and new or already established and deep , let a powerful love fill your whole year . an urge for change could strike you in april and bring new people into your life . be passionate but respectful of your own needs and responsibilities . everyone may idolize you in august and september . enjoy it , but do not be serious about it . your public image shines bright in november and december . be modest and sensible and attract even more love . a social storm may briefly interrupt january . the year ends smartly and with an idealistic love . $ love those little rituals of daily life and maybe find a tender new love and partner to share more of your life . sometimes the best things - and people - have modest appearances and are easily overlooked . not this year ! in april romantic sparks could fly and send you chasing after something ( or someone ) radically different . go back to a quieter , more productive routine until august , when summer fun rocks the romance boat . the heart beats fastest in september . in late november be cool and connect with other cool heads . friends , trusted companions , smart decisions , and lofty dreams are yours at year 's end ! $ passion runs high , so pay attention and do not miss out if a fated partnership , romance , or friendship appears out of nowhere this year ! in april you may need a change , or just more excitement , so make an effort to not be impulsive or impatient with yourself or others . you 'll want to work hard and make progress , especially in august , when you might overdo things and burn out for a bit . be good to yourself . in late september and october a new person may enter your life , perhaps someone you first met in april . passion turns practical in december , and love never leaves the scene all year ! $ create more harmony and enjoy smoother partnerships of all kinds this year . people are cooperative and find you more fun to be with , starting in the first two months . be sharp in april and make the most of unexpected opportunities and meet - ups with flamboyant people . be accomplished in the following months , especially august , when what 's best for you is also good for others . love sweetens any deal made in october , but the pleasures may not last all year . passions rise and you may work harder in december . friends and lovers are all around you in january and february . love and dream big ! $ matters of the heart may feel serious and urgent this year . consult your head , and sometimes put yourself in the other person 's place for perspective and a sense of balance . in april you may be tempted to do or say something impulsive and a bit wild . keep control of your emotions and spend more time with pleasant , agreeable people . be ambitious and accomplished for several undisturbed months . passion flares in august . relax and be good to yourself . be more easygoing and enjoy a summer - long party atmosphere . october could be tense and passionate . relax more with friends in the closing months of an emotionally exciting year ! $ be energized and serious about all you do this year ! that includes having fun . you might be the center of excitement in april , or you may spring a huge surprise on everyone . be humble in public and thrilled in private . save some passion for your own well - being in august and have a great fun - filled summer . other people take up your time in october , but it will be good for you later , too . feel serious and work hard in december . in january a big change at work could happen around you . stay settled . friends and that special love are never far away ! $ it 's a passion - filled year , equally filled with opportunities to take you far . any hard work you 're able to do will be rewarded . march and april are times for experimenting , perhaps even with a wild notion or two . be sensible , not reckless , and be as ambitious and popular as you please . keep up a steady effort and enjoy a glorious , glamorous summer . november and december are also busy , ambitious times . do not doubt yourself now . if things are stirred up at work in january , you can come out on the lucky end . be smart , ambitious , and idealistic all year . be well loved and popular , too ! $ make your mark on the world with steady , serious effort and sheer persistence . with so much passion and drive behind you it can be fun , too . use april to think outside the box and try new approaches to old problems . stay even - tempered and avoid getting hyper . invent what you need . summer fun and popularity will give you more opportunities and popularity in august . try to moderate your activities , keep a sane schedule , and stay healthy . december is another prime time to shine , so do your best . ride out any changes at work in january . friendly affection and sweeter love round out a stellar year ! $ your best efforts will take you far this year . ambition is great and you 're motivated to help others as much as yourself . march and april may be chaotic and full of accidental events and surprises . stay safe and sensible , and see if any surprises can be turned to good . maybe win some new friends as well . the next few months are calm and good for progress . august ignites with summer fun and big - hearted generosity . keep things within bounds and let the limelight find you . your unselfish work in december could win you love as well as acclaim and reward . end the year with warm romance ! $ career and your standing in the world are highlighted and favored this year ! other people will not intimidate or distract you . in the spring be bold and inventive , sometimes to the point of shocking . be practical , too , and do not get so wired or highly strung that you alienate anyone who may want to like you and perhaps work with you later . you 'll settle down and be more systematic by august . take care of yourself , health included , and do not shy away from being popular . reach your peak at work in january . be wrapped in tender love and caring friends in the final months ! $ career and work opportunities beckon , so get ready ! be it an advance in your current position or the offer of something wonderful , look forward to moving from where you are to somewhere much better . be energetic and willing to try new things in the first two months . step off your normal path and sample some new and exciting activities . august and september bring busy and popular fun times when you could be wined and dined beyond healthy limits . be smart , too . work prospects sparkle all january . be sharp and sensible . surround yourself with loving friends and cozy romance in the last month ! $ good times with groups of good friends could be the lifeline that makes this fiery year so successful . you have great passion and a love of life that will not quit , so burnout could be an ongoing problem . friends will help . the first two months are exciting and full of surprises . cool it for a few months , but expect august to fill up with creative fun and crazy good times . catch your breath and work steadily through to november - that 's when you really buckle down . a big change at work could be in your favor in january . from february on is yours to decompress , love , and be loved ! $ be the expert behind the scenes this year and build up a great reputation ! it is not instant recognition but a great foundation for future success . take those calculated chances in march and april , learn a lot , and win a lot of admiration . money could improve in april and may and life could get more comfortable if you are not extravagant . august and september are full of fun and generous people . be helpful in november and get rewarded in december . friends and co - workers are understanding and cooperative , especially as the year closes . be at your best all year and see how friendships , love , and affection find you ! $ it 's a warm , emotional year when many people touch your heart and you touch theirs ! feelings may be sensitive the first few days of the year , but after that you can strongly focus on your own needs and desires . be energetic and ambitious all spring long . daily life may get more lovely and comfortable in may . work diligently and smartly through the summer . august can still be great , glorious fun . in late autumn someone else 's serious concern may touch your heart . be sensible and supportive . the last two months glow with a friendly social scene and maybe love from an unexpected direction ! $ it 's a magical year when you can have great but subtle influence with many people . intuition and instinct help you read people better than ever before . lay low for the first few days and then leap into action when the spring season begins . be practical but bold and stretch your wings in april . work steadily but with a low profile for several months and advance financially and socially . august could bring big summer fun . stay out of the spotlight and accomplish a great deal . be ambitious and quietly successful in december . meet a challenge in january and then cruise comfortably and lovingly the rest of the year ! $ it 's a powerful year for you , so do not shy away from any change or challenge ! however sensitive your heart , you will not lose determination or resolve , especially in march and april . relax a bit in may and enjoy more creature comforts . continue working hard on those things most important and see slow , steady financial progress . enjoy your favorite forms of summer fun in august , but keep an eye on expenses . someone may need a favor in late november , and this can later provide an opportunity for you . friends and a special love bring great joy and some personal magic in the last several months ! $ many exciting times are on your horizon this year ! be sensible , pace yourself , and have the energy to do as much as you like . surprise people all year , especially in march and april . force yourself to take a moment and focus your attention on what you want to achieve . be ambitious . a touch of charm will make your great energy more acceptable , and even admirable , to many people . august may get wild and hyper , so stay practical , especially about money . be wise , influential , and modest in late november . in the last few months be surrounded by loyal friends , brilliant ideas , and great love ! $ it 's a strong and beautiful year ahead ! be and look your best , and enjoy private and public progress . april may be the most ambitious for you , but keep those plans intact and stay flexible when things do not go smoothly . may ushers in a more gracious lifestyle and a more solid and sensible approach toward all money issues . have a great summer , especially august , but do not overdo it . be the voice of reason to someone important to you in late november . if january is challenging at work , make the most of it . lush love and cooperative friends are all yours for the rest of the year ! $ this could be the year you improve your financial situation and make progress that lasts ! start the year mentally organized and full of energy and ambition . friends and family support you . use every day in april . by may settle down and work hard at less experimental or daring projects . you have all the patience and persistence in the world . summer fun may call to you in august , but it will not distract you for long . you may work harder still , and for the welfare of others , in november and december . friends , co - workers , and lover are all there for you , especially the last several months . $ express yourself and get your message out this year . this will help all money decisions and financial actions , so do your homework , know what you want , and say so . you may be most energetic and motivated in the first month , but you will not fizzle out . by may you 'll have a plan that includes all you need and want . make contacts in may and june and see solid progress , however slow at first . enjoy yourself in august . mature and sensible decisions in december win you respect and admiration . be widely embraced and loved by casual acquaintances and more intimate companions from january until the year ends ! $ have the best times and the best luck in nearby favorite places with your favorite people . find countless adventures and new excitement near home , especially in the first two months . with a refreshed spirit , be ambitious and accomplish many goals in the next several months . in june friends may spur you to greater action and more practical behavior . august is the time for what pleases you most . be responsible and respected in november . starting in january friends and co - workers will be cooperative , no matter what the task or challenge . in the last month love and fulfillment will never be far away ! $ buzz with curiosity and companionship all year long ! life may lead you down some twisted paths , but you 'll learn and benefit from it all . in april concentrate on yourself - your goals and how to reach them . some wild ideas may arise and you may try a few . be practical and respectful of daily needs and then branch out . june heats up when friends seek you out and you approach them for fun outings and fruitful discussions . august is also on fire with summer fun . pace yourself and remember those mundane obligations and expenses . be smart and successful in december . affection fills the rest of the year ! $ family and a happy home life may motivate you toward a great year ! april is primarily yours , so get a quick start on being and looking the way you want . be ambitious and energetic , too . in may you might change something at home that will improve everything . it might lessen costs , too . be sensible and be happy about it . in july something fundamental at home may need to change , or perhaps a family issue could be resolved in the best way imaginable . be vibrant with fun in august . in december solve something important . enjoy the remaining months with friends , family , and sizzling love ! $ a balancing act between home and work could keep you busy this year , but you have more than enough energy for both . decide what you want to concentrate on and when . start april off on fire , keen to try new approaches to everything . be sensible and avoid the outrageous . may brings a sweet surprise , perhaps a gift or a sharp , smart idea that leads to better money management . see more of your ideal home in july . august is pure fun . in november do your best for someone and benefit greatly . many people love you and want to see you do well . it 's a golden year ! $ it 's a fantastic , friendly year , rich in passion ! there will be challenges , too , so it will not be boring . in april personal passions ignite and take you down an ambitious , personally satisfying road . stay practical , and do not be so hyper that you chase off anyone . in may you could see an upswing in income if you 're persistent . august is incredibly lucky and joyous . watch expenses , however . in december someone else 's need may inspire you to help and make improvements for yourself . a sudden change at work in january do not have to take you by surprise . private dreams and shared aspirations make for a loving last month ! $ let your inner child rise a bit closer to the surface and have a creative , playful , and productive year ! in april be ambitious , practical , and inventive . respect those daily chores , keep to that budget , and find some wiggle room in may for a personal treat . be diligent and motivated , and be prepared for a burst of good luck , opportunities , and fun in august . continue working hard on what you love without neglecting what else needs to be done . watch for another big opportunity in december to help others as well as yourself . challenges , easy solutions , and great support and love carry you through the year ! $ stay focused , take good care of yourself , and make tremendous progress ! a big surprise could be around any corner , especially in april , and you might spring some of them yourself . be energetic but do not go wild . pace yourself and finish the year strong . slow down a bit , but do not slack off in your efforts in may . august and september are lucky , fun , and comforting . eat well , rest , and be healthy . in december spend time on behalf of others or some cause and see gains of many kinds . be smart , pragmatic , popular , and compassionate in the following months . great love follows you ! $ it 's your year to feel great about yourself and all the little things that are going right . some of those little things are quite big . think - and act - outside the box the first month and have the energy to work harder for yourself . enjoy more comfort and beauty in daily life in may . keep working steadily , too . august brings great summer fun and some favorite activities . be helpful in december , perhaps by solving a friend 's problem . be ready for an opportunity at work in january . in february and march dream of love and you 'll find it all around you ! $ your feet are firmly on the ground , and taking care of business has never been so easy or gratifying ! april and may are busy with surprises and extra work that brings you more and better things . stay focused and enjoy a party atmosphere all august long . your health and daily routine are important in september . be good to yourself . what looks like a delay in december is really a pause so you can get things right . a change at work could be good for you in january . keep your dreams alive in february and let love come to you . it 's a sparkling year ! $ make many new contacts this year . they may be modest and temporary , but one or two could stick and benefit you for a long time . you might be adventurous in april and may , but you 'll be surrounded by sensible , grounded people . learn from them . may and june are energetic times , and you could eat and spend more than you intend , so pay attention . august holds more fun times . slow down and be health conscious in september . be methodical in december and focused at work in january . it 's a busy , productive year , with a dreamy dose of love in the closing month ! $ passions run high this year and love touches everything you do . do more things that you love with the people you love . april and may are full of mischievous fun with casual friends , but august could bring more serious and more generous ( or more expensive ) company . romance and the emotional stakes get higher in september . keep your daily life together and be calmer in november and december . do not overreact if an unexpected change happens at work in january . you could be the answer to someone else 's dream in february and march . be honest and compassionate . there 's plenty of passion in the air ! $ are you looking for romance ? well , it 's looking for you ! this is your year to be lucky in love . if you 're already happily with a partner , that happiness will increase . the first two months you may be busy with work , perhaps fitting into a new role or position . june has rewards you 've been waiting for if you 've been working hard . july and august are summer party time . do not get run down with all the fun . your partner will bring much happiness your way in september . be clear about what 's illusion in december . by february you 'll know if all this love is real . $ love is your secret superpower this year , so use it wisely ! you may crave change and excitement in the first two months , but you will not chase off anyone if you do not go overboard . you might even attract a more exciting partner . be safe and practical . keep your diet and budget under control in june . people will be generous and fun loving in august . watch diet and budget now , too . in october your heart may thrill to a new love interest or your current flame could burn more brightly ! be rock solid for someone in december . the last two months could be the the most dreamy ! $ you 'll never be led astray this year if you calmly listen to your heart . calmness could be your biggest challenge . you 're brimming with energy , ambition , and desire for all good things . you may earn several of them in may and june . work hard and do not burn out . share good times and good fortune with friends new and old in august . mind those expenses , though . a beautiful , bright love shines on you in october , perhaps with a touch of childhood or loves past . december is more serious . go slowly and you can accomplish a lot . love your way through the whole year ! $ be solid and successful all year long ! you 're full of energy and want to do everything yourself , especially in the first few months . settle down in june and work hard for those few things that mean the most to you . money should be good if you do not overspend . august is also full of promise , popularity , and fun . work calmly for the next few months and by december you 'll be prepared for a lucky break . stay calm , be methodical , and accomplish a great deal for someone else and yourself . dream of fresh , new love and it will be there for you before the year ends ! $ be powerful and set a good example without even trying . give calm consideration to all you do , especially in the first month , and easily deal with problems that would have been hard before . no one can rush you during may , mostly because no one can keep up with you ! be energetic and acquire some lovely new things in june . work sensibly and enjoy a fun , frivolous august . perhaps receive a reward from a grateful group in december . you 're earning great respect , too . do not be perturbed by anything at work in january . the last two months are rich in wisdom and love ! $ it 's second nature to be practical and productive this year ! if you 've been thinking about changing careers or want to start your own venture , it could be possible now . have great new ideas in the first month . write them down and be ready to jump in when energy is highest in may and june . be charming and attract success in june . keep working hard and meeting those obligations , however . august is made for fun and relaxation . work comes into sharp focus in late december and january . brace for a big change or opportunity . love springs to mind and rocks your heart in february and beyond ! $ it 's your time to be the star at work or in public ! no one works harder than you , no matter how you feel . intuition guides you in april . get pragmatic and work hard in may and june . you may want a more gracious lifestyle in june , and your hard work will pay off . be responsible through the summer and enjoy great fun in august . your tastes may get more conservative and you may save more in early december . a splendid advance at work is possible in late january if you 're motivated . great love in the spring could be the best surprise of all ! $ excel at work and secure what you need to succeed . if not wildly ambitious , there are still wonderful things you want to do . start in april and may to work hard with strong , smart plans behind you . your charming nature can also bring you success in june . be practical and responsible through the summer and enjoy fun , comfort , and popularity in august . keep expenses reasonable . be patient and make wise decisions in december . january and february are yours to shine in public and the workplace , so look and do your best . sweet dreams and tender love come your way by spring ! $ express yourself well with large groups of people and improve daily life for yourself and many others . be smart , motivated , and active in the first two months . being sociable and charming may result in more support and maybe even income in june . be responsible , attend to daily details , and lighten up with friends and family in august . in early december be helpful and modest and earn respect . a sudden change at work could give you more opportunities , so be calm and practical . step into a dreamy love in february and march . friends and lovers fill your time and heart all year long ! $ you can be a great people person this year and still stay as objective and private as you please . people want to work with and be with you , and all this social contact will be good for you . be clever and energetic on your own behalf in april and may . get caught up on anything that 's been delayed or left unattended . june is a charmed and charming time . be very popular in august . work hard in december . be ready if a work opportunity arises in january . in february a social partner could become much more , with a surprising and strong love ! $ feel deeply connected to many people this year and do your best work by keeping private most of your sympathies and activities . love , not praise or popularity , is what it 's all about . you 're naturally practical and smart , and you 're motivated to do all you can and then some . have a schedule and meet deadlines easily in april and may . june is more comfortable but just as busy . august is full of amusing company . december is busy , but that 's how you like it . shine in public and relax in private in january . february is intense , emotional , and love filled . it 's a powerful year ! $ learn from every twist and turn in this busy , brilliant year ! be active with friends new and old . think practically about everyday affairs , especially in the first two months , and have more energy to keep your daily life in good order . in june be sociable and perhaps receive a gift you may want to share or pass along . august is full of summer comfort and contentment . stay organized and responsible and be ready to work hard in december . a sudden demand at work brings opportunities in january . be busy , productive , well connected , loved , and understood in february . launch your own surprise at year 's end ! $ the world may try to keep you busy , but it will not be able to compete with your inner life . make many self - discoveries to help you later in the year . pay attention to your dreams . be smart and energetic in april and may and easily meet expectations . work hard and be provided with more than you need in june . july and august are pure fun . december and january are more serious and perhaps more satisfying . be more noticed at work or in public in late january . then become more introverted in february and enjoy peaceful times with treasured friends . let love fill the hours ! $ come out of your shell in a big way this year ! if you 're already outgoing , your reach will be greatly extended . you have fantastic energy and drive , especially in the first few months . be focused , get a lot done , and make some lovely additions to your wardrobe and home in june . pay attention to spending and then enjoy a fun , relaxing august . be persistent in your work efforts and benefit in december . a big change may come in late january , but you 'll be ready . the following months are full of company , friends , and love . just ask if you need or want anything ( or anyone ) special ! $ make the most of every day this year and do not look back ! no one can stop you if you know what you want and where you 're going . all your aims and ambitions will be practical , and you 'll be sharp and clear - minded in the first month . work hard and achieve a lot . enjoy june , but do not let down your efforts to be successful . august holds pleasant surprises - all in fun . december may be less frivolous but more rewarding . be serious and succeed . a big change in late january can be good for you . be sensitive and get rewarded with love in the following months ! $ your popularity soars and so does your productivity this year . you know what you want , how to get it , and how you want to share it all . head and heart work well together , especially in the first month , so do not wait . hard work and persistence will pay off by june , although maybe not instantly . relax with family , friends , and kindred spirits in august . be diligent and value yourself in december . step up and face an important challenge in january . dreams and aspirations take over in february . love may come out of nowhere in the final months . what a spectacular year ! $ thoughts turn to a more upscale lifestyle , fashion , and better income this year . get lots of good ideas from friends thinking the same way . work together and support one another , especially in the first two months when energy and sharp thinking are at their peak . june is lucky and lovely . face any obstacles head - on and see great progress . august is fun but could get expensive , so pay attention . be a dynamo at work in january . competition is fine , but antagonism less so . watch that temper . be more tender and touchable in february and march . love is there for you all year ! $ charm and be charmed all year long ! no one will be able to resist you , and there may be times when you 're also unable to say no . your thinking is sharpest in april and may . be charming and sexy in june no matter how hard you 're working . if gifts come your way , watch for attached strings before accepting . be gracious , regardless . have fun close to home in august without spending a fortune . enjoy the calmness of a sensible partner in december . be smart and ambitious in january and go far . the rest of the year is busy with even more affection and love ! $ friends and neighbors are there for you , no matter how complicated things get this year . things look simple at first , but your thinking is clearest . keep this focus . a lovely temptation in june may show you how small interruptions can slow things down . stay focused and near home in july . keep plans simple and keep up with daily chores and bills . it will not be hard . have happy times with relatives in august . an old love may sweetly reappear in december . work heats up in january , but you 'll be ready . february and the rest of the year are full of compassion and love ! $ starting and finishing go together for you this year . break free to start something new and exciting while you easily tie up loose ends . be smart and dedicated to work that matters , especially in may , and waste no time , effort , or energy . friends support you and no one can hold you back . conclude something big in july . relax with friends and family in august . you may want to spend more time on your own in december . be busy with work and being excellent in january . share dreams and fun times with more friends in february . unexpected love is everywhere in the final months ! $ family could be very important this year , perhaps living relatives , but it might be family history , roots , or hometown . be hardworking , clever , and have everything you need to accomplish what you want in may . be charming and make appealing changes that better organize your finances . be treated royally at home in august and maybe host a party or two . watch those expenses and get what you pay for . an old partner or lover might want to spoil you in december . a door may open for you at work in january . in february and march be casual , relaxed , and surrounded by love ! $ be lucky all year long . the closer to home you are , the luckier you 'll be . think and work on practical matters in may and perhaps see a working vacation in june . a family or home matter can bring great joy and success in august . your generous spirit will shine and draw more luck . you may crave less glamour and more substance in a relationship in december . a big change near you in january could still broaden your world . in february you may want to do more good for more people . make friends and team up . hot love could surprise you before year 's end ! $ be creative and clever all year and see marvelous things happen ! be pragmatic and focused on the basics of daily life as the year opens and through the first two months . what you achieve now you 'll be able to keep unless a taste for extravagance strikes in june . august glitters with good feeling and great fun with friends and family . watch expenses and exaggerated generosity now . a practical partner or lover touches your heart in december . have a creative , constructive answer if a problem arises at work in january . spend time with sympathetic friends in february , and be relaxed and ready for love ! $ get great pleasure this year from countless little things . small favors , consideration , and kindness will be recognized and appreciated as the big things they really are . be smart and driven to succeed in may . live well and spend less in june . enjoy what may look silly to others in september . if romance feels hyper in december , do what 's comfortable and have your partner tone it down . work hard in january and see something turn around for you . let your dreams run free in february and do more with groups of friends in march . love touches everything at year 's end ! $ inspiring dreams will keep this year going for you , and no foolish dream will slow you down . spend time with practical friends in the first month , have smart suggestions , and be fearless in your ambitions . hold back on luxuries in june and live better for it . be lucky and have fun at home in august . you can rethink and examine any dream if you have doubts in september . a romance could quietly mature in december . take advantage of a change in the workplace in january . the rest of the year is more casual , calm , and cozy . what a sweet year ! $ be healthy , happy , and highly motivated all year long ! work hard for what matters to you and get stronger just from making the effort . be pragmatic and patient in may and june , and do not waste time or money on long shots or questionable schemes . work hard , be responsible , and enjoy a big - hearted , fun - loving august . be straight with a lover in december and clear the air for you both . hard work and success resume in january . thoughts may get fuzzy but feelings are clear in february . be inspired and inspiring and very well loved . it do not get healthier than that ! $ it 's your time for all the little things to click and allow big things to happen ! be energetic early in the year and pull together what you need for more comfort and personal success . after late may it might be hard to think of much else . money could come and go at home in august . take care of details in october and see money and health improve . an old friend or lover supports you in december . a romantic offer or opportunity could come from afar in january . dream big and have fun with friends in february . be your own secret power all year ! $ if you like , you can be part of a group that looks out for one another all year . it will be there when you need help , and you 'll be happy to be of service to others . be practical and smart as the year begins and keep those good ideas coming . be generous with family in august and perhaps receive without asking something you 've desired . simple daily kindness makes october a great month for you . learn something important in january , and risk sharing your aspirations and dreams in february . end the year smarter , more successful , and more admired and appreciated than ever ! $ every little effort and gesture you make will yield big results for you this year ! get more serious about small things and see just how big they are . spend the first few days concerned with making things nicer and more stable for yourself . think calmly and systematically in late may and june . use money wisely in june and july . august is all summer fun , but watch expenses . respect your needs and health in november . an old love could revive in december . february is for fun with lots of friends . it 's an active , tenderhearted year that takes you great places ! $ if love do not rock your world this year , the passion will still be there for something or someone ! your feelings are important , but they do not have to dominate your life . be your most ambitious and clever in the first month and perhaps acquire something special in june . be money smart in august and have a glorious summer close to home . love flashes across your sky in october . make a change in your life goals in january . a dream may come true in february , but at what emotional cost ? the last two months are lively and full of unexpected surprises and affection ! $ it 's the year to be big - hearted and wise about love ! every relationship you 're in will expand and enrich your heart . work hard on practical matters in the first month , save what you can , and perhaps afford something special in june . august is the time for family fun . be generous and receive generosity , too . love gets serious in november . be strong as well as sensitive . find an inspiring role model or example to reignite your ambitions in january . february is the time to deepen casual friendships . you can achieve great things in the last few months , but you will not have to go it alone ! $ other people 's concerns may tug at your heart and keep you busy this year . you have the passion and energy to handle anything . use the first month to get organized and work hard on practical matters . money will be there for you in june if you stick to the budget . summer is when to relax at home and enjoy some big fun ! you may need to help someone in november . just be your responsible self . starting in january work and social life may keep you running for a few months , but a surprising secret love could catch up with you before year 's end ! $ it 's a busy year full of big plans and big energy ! get your schedule organized in the first month and work hard . save a little more , if you can , and see a sweet personal reward before july . august could be busy with summer excitement , but it do not have to be expensive . the end of december could be hectic , but stay focused and do your best for yourself and others . you might have an urge to get away from it all in january . friends - and a special new love - will give you all the affection and rest you need at year 's end ! $ you have everything you need to work hard and make a major change in your life this year . if you 're happy with the status quo , you could find fresh ambition or desire . motivate others with your drive in the first month . think of a new but simple way to take better care of yourself , too . money is reasonable , although you might want to save more . enjoy a fun - filled summer , especially august , and thrill to new amusements . you may meet or learn of someone who inspires you to greater heights in january . be popular in february and well loved all year long ! $ you 'll have many chances to excel at work and in public this year . there 's no point in trying to hide or downplay your achievements . be practical , smart , and responsible , especially in the first month , and have a firm foundation for the rest of the year . in june enjoy a private treat that adds elegance . watch expenses , though . enjoy some intellectual fun in july and august . romantic memories could be strong in november . pursue a passion in january and have it pay for itself . make deeper emotional bonds with friends in february . love and happy surprises will fill your days by spring ! $ career and public presence could be this year 's highlights ! it will not be for purely selfish gain , however . start the year motivated to work hard on whatever you love that has the best chance for success . clever , practical ideas prove helpful later . friends and family enjoy your company and are generous in august . treasure old partners in november and perhaps feel wistful about an old love . in january and february step up and provide well for yourself and some others , too . friends give you comfort and amusement the rest of the year . a surprising ( and generous ) new love could appear in spring ! $ you can make your career glow with success this year or you can make a shift to something new ! you are most practical and solid in the first month . you can get inside people 's heads , too . keep the cash flow balanced and maybe acquire a small desired item in june . enjoy some pleasant but inexpensive summer fun with family in august . romance gets nostalgic in november . prepare for a possible big change at work in january . february is big , so look and do your best . relax with friends afterward and let some surprises make you smile . love is not far behind ! $ share many happy dreams with friends this year and see some of them come true ! you express yourself well , especially early in the year , with enough clever , useful ideas to last all year . be diligent about basic work and money , and lighten up with friends and family in the summer . people really want to be with you . an old flame could cross your mind and path in november . get motivated about something new in january . february lights up your social scene . allow friends their fantasies . you may turn a new head and be surprised by a secret love in the spring ! $ it 's a great year to make new friends and widen your social circle ! there could be some reshuffling of faces , all to everybody 's increased happiness . you are more interested in your own work and appearance in may and june and this will pay off later . brainstorm , particularly about finances , with a trusted friend and maybe family in june and july . enjoy a cozy august at home . entertain and be entertained . a love interest in november might want to move faster than you 'd like . be clear and see how it goes . february shines with friends , dreams , happiness , and maybe a great new love , too ! $ take the lead with your friends and do many of your favorite things with your favorite people this year ! you 're full of ambition and bright new ideas in june . with steady work you can make more progress than ever . august could bring you gifts and flattery from friends and family . the opinions of an old love may sound less important in november . keep a calm heart and steady head . february and march buzz with happy - if silly - fun with friends . enjoy yourself and feel part of a bigger whole . april twinkles with big - hearted concern and love , all coming your way ! $ surprise yourself all year with brilliant ideas and big plans that only you can make happen ! you will not overreach yourself or run short of energy . you 're responsible and dependable and should see solid progress in the first month . pay attention to budget , save a bit more , and enjoy a relaxing , glamorous august . you might get involved in a more mature business or romantic relationship in november . excitement will not be lacking . you may take a more spiritual turn in february and desire more love in your daily life . stay realistic and then follow your bliss . be brilliant in april and attract tremendous love ! $ it could be a busy year , but you can step out of the fray any time . whenever you need peace and quiet , it 's yours . be energetic and sharp minded , especially in may and june , and work hard toward financial goals . an impulse purchase in july do not have to set you too far back . just pay attention . be playful and happy at home in august and september . work diligently and be your responsible self for the next few months . a tender , romantic november awaits you . be busy with friends in february . watch for a private surprise or two at year 's end ! $ a secret desire for something special could motivate you this year . or it might be time for you to make private plans for a nicer lifestyle . be ambitious and busy in the first few months and perhaps create a financial opportunity . enjoy more luxury time with friends and family in july and august . try not to spend away whatever you gain . be sensible in love in november and feel appreciated . a startling new idea or project could distract you in january . friends may inspire you in february . the last two months are bubbling with fun and affection . make great advances this year ! $ reinvent yourself this year and be a smarter , sharper you ! take the first month and decide what things are most important for you to do and have . then get ambitious . you could see some charming results by july . relax and let family and friends entertain you in august . stay motivated and make steady progress in the next several months . be wise in matters of love in november . something ( or someone ) exotic and exciting may catch your eye in january . be inspired in february and move in a sweeter social circle . the last few months are busy with pleasant and profitable surprises ! $ be at your sharpest , cleverest , and most entertaining all year ! everything you say will sound witty to others , and you 'll be able to reason to the end of things before people have described everything . use these skills to great benefit in the first few months . you know to not be a showoff or bore , especially in july . enjoy special big fun in august , and graciously and fairly spread any expense . what you used to need in a romance may become important to you again in november . enjoy a beautiful , cultured february with friends . love holds more surprises at year 's end ! $ this year you may get more interested in money and the nice things it makes possible . cleverness and get - rich - quick schemes will not deceive you . you may discover some sound , practical ideas in the first couple months . hard work matters , too , and you may deserve a small private treat by july . share good times with family and friends in august . you might want to host a party or summer event . a quiet romance could find you in november . stay low - key and let things take care of themselves . friends and the social scene come to life in the remaining months , including much love ! $ charm and elegance are yours this year . you 're smart . you know that life is more than money and material comforts , but you do not discount their importance . be highly motivated all year and achieve a lot early on with what feels like little effort . work diligently and maybe celebrate in august , perhaps on vacation . a friendship could become a serious romance in november . deal promptly with any perceived crisis in january and see quick , easy resolutions . amuse yourself with dreams of luxury in february . friends and lovers are there for you , sometimes surprising you in the last two months ! $ friends and the joys of local life make this year sparkle for you . you can think globally and then enjoy the richness of the world near at hand . be ambitious and driven to succeed , especially in the first two months . settle into a sustainable routine and you 'll improve your position and income by july . august is when to kick back and have fun , and perhaps make some useful social and career contacts . networking never stops . an overlooked admirer could appear in november . if bored or disillusioned by a social group , you do not need to stay . a nearby love could surprise you at year 's end ! $ be the bright star with your family and friends this year ! you could also put down strong roots with someone important in your daily life . a light touch and clever , chatty personality in the first month will bring opportunity later . work undisturbed and make great progress before august , when friends and family capture your attention . be practical and accomplish what you need to in the next few months and be ready for a strong but subtle love interest in november . a fond fantasy may dissolve in february . love and friendship are abundant and strong in the last months ! $ family and home are powerful forces for you this year . have a clear , practical vision and see through several fantasies that may have held you back . watch expenses in july . you do not need to envy anyone . august and september are on fire with pleasure , amusement , and basic good sense . slow down socially - but not at work - in november . take good care of yourself - you 're worth it ! what looks like an opportunity at work in february may not be . be politely cautious and nonconfrontational . a lively social life in the last months can bring relief , pleasant surprises , and sweet affection ! $ family affairs and daily routines are smooth and natural this year . others may sometimes see problems and chaos , but you will not . buzz with energy and have an answer for everything that matters . you may want to think a bit , but the answer will be there in the end . the first two months could be the busiest and most challenging , but you 're up to it . take your home situation ( and budget ) in hand in august and september and make it exactly the way you want . have fun , too . pace yourself in november , and work through a misconception in february . love and be loved all year ! $ find countless pleasures in daily life and have a great time all year ! you 're full of energy , so nothing and no one can rain on your parade . be smart and sensible in the first few months and calmly work hard to further yourself . see better income and steady progress before july . be lucky and feel rich at home in august . in september be more young at heart and enjoy things more . be healthy in november and poised to handle any problem in january . dispel a cherished dream at work in february and move forward . surprising love and friendship round out a great year ! $ be creative and cheerful and see big success this year ! you can be playful and practical at the same time . you can go places fast with your high energy and motivation . no one can keep up with your keen mind in the first month . work hard on what you know works well and make great progress before july . be lucky and generous at home in august and enjoy some of your success . attend to details in november and do not overlook anything important . be inspired by co - workers in february and inspire them , too . bask in love from a surprising direction in the closing months ! $ your inner child will have a lot of playmates this year ! if not usually a people person , you 'll be glad for the people in your life now . be ambitious , energetic , and willing to try new things in the first few months . work hard in the coming months and see success and satisfaction . a home matter has a happy and lucky outcome in august . enjoy fun and friendship in late september . stay happy in november and do not get discouraged by anything . a situation at work in february could be deceiving . when in doubt , ask questions and go slowly . you 're loved all year long ! $ the pleasure of good partners and teammates will make this a happy , powerful year ! early on think carefully about where you are and where you 're headed , then work hard and be ambitious . the home budget may grow in july as you see progress . be very lucky in august and attract more luck for your home environment . do not remodel yet , though . september and october are times to luxuriate in doing what you love with people you love . in february you may recognize that a previous opinion came from a false impression . it 's easy to fix things . april is yours for fun and fantastic love ! $ get passionate about your daily routine and take good care of yourself all year ! this is not selfish - it 's simply smart . think clearly and quickly in the first month and be motivated to improve your personal and professional appearance . stay ambitious and make great progress , especially in july when your good money instincts kick in . if friends keep you too busy in august , you can bow out once in a while . no one will mind . be healthy and content in late october , and know that your good habits will stick . friends and a fresh new love carry you through the year ! $ a busy year will keep you juggling the big things and the little . you decide which are which . you think before you act , which is good when you have so much raw energy . be intent on getting ahead in the first two months and see great advancement just be being smart and practical . friends and family share your happiness in july and august . you 're good with money without being overly frugal . you know how to spend what 's needed , especially in november and january . be brilliant and impress family , friends , a special someone , and yourself in the last few months ! $ see deep into the heart of situations this year and get control . big things become little and manageable in your hands . energy and sharp wit are yours all year long . be on the same page with all your friends in july . family and neighbors may surprise you in august . it will be loving , generous , and good . november could be your most successful month , although it may not feel like anything special at the time . do your work and be responsible and brilliant . if the day job gets emotional in february , stay calm and let it pass . it 's a busy , love - filled year ! $ you 're ready to get more serious about the work you love . you may not care if it takes you far , but it probably will ! have a million great ideas in the first month , and be a good judge of which ones may succeed . a friend could test your patience in july and august , but everyone will want to be big - hearted and have fun . work calmly through the summer and fall . an intimidating challenge is really an opportunity in november . give yourself a chance . get inspired on the job in february . social life heats up happily in april . have a sexy , popular time ! $ friends and admiring people surround you this year , so smile and let them bask in your warm company ! seriously , you have a passion for life that attracts others . you may be too busy with cleverness and fun ( and success ) in the first month , but by july all that affection will catch up with you . you will not neglect any daily obligations , despite all the people in your life . love finds you and brings romance to your door in december . march and april may hold more love - filled surprises if you can slow down enough to notice . work hard and play harder . it 's a sizzling year ! $ yes , these are complicated times . you 're being more successful and achieving more than you realize , so relax more and stress less . you 're the smartest person in the room , especially in the first month . stay cool , work diligently , and reap rewards and praise in august . you can pretend surprise . friends make the daily grind more fun in november . other people may keep you busy in january . do what you can , but remember your obligations . find fresh ambition in february . march and april are for good times and relaxation . fresh new love could be in the mix , too . have a great year ! $ your intensity might scare away a few people this year , but the right ones will stay . inventiveness and generosity may be your two greatest gifts , so pay attention and do not let them carry you away , especially in the first three months . august ignites with popularity and maybe expensive fun . be sensible . settle down for a few months and see some intense success at work in november . january could be the most intense , but with other people 's drama , not yours . inspire someone in february . your social life gets hot and heavy in april . relax with a sweet special someone in the final months ! $ you always have the big picture in view and know what to do when ! you may not pay much attention to others , but you inspire them . be most energetic in the first month . friends keep you hopping and happy in july . surprise yourself in a big way in august . do good things with it . catch up with some older friends in november . learn and try new things with new people in new places in late january . be realistic and responsible but open to the future . friends and love return in a big way in the last few months . what a charmed and charming year ! $ be at the top of your game without any extreme extra effort all year long . you 're bubbling over with energy and motivation , especially early on , and people want to respond well to what you 're doing . friends relate to what you have to say in july . there 's great summer fun coming in august . friends may pitch in and help with some routine errands . return the favors when you can . february is bright with new useful lessons and opportunities . do not fall for a false impression at work later in february . relax with some fun and romance in april and all the following months ! $ career dreams and plans come together this year if you 're smart and persistent . you 're motivated , especially in the first month . stay organized and stick with what works . friends may have suggestions or share dreams in late july . relax , talk , and listen . feel big - hearted in august and maybe pleasantly surprise someone whose spirits need a lift . be more cautious and spend less in november . attention turns to work and career possibilities in february . tend those personal dreams and plans , but do not jump unless you 're sure the offer is real . love makes a quiet approach at year 's end ! $ do work you love , help others , and help yourself greatly , too ! if you are not in your dream job , this may not be the perfect time to find it , but it can be the perfect time to clearly see what it will be . be patient and practical . surprising opportunities and chance meetings abound in june and july . be conspicuous and inspiring and widen your network . friends are there for you in july and august . relax and let them be generous . be consistent as time goes by and gain insight in february . unexpected new love and friendship appear in the last few months . embrace it all ! $ the year bristles with excitement , new friends , and social scenes . be bold and meet some great new people . attract new friends and business associates with your powerful energy and ambition in the first month . be steady with money and responsibilities and win admiration in july . be generous , fun - loving , and lucky in august , but do not overextend yourself . november is calmer . catch up with old friends . march and april are brimming with people , surprises , and fun . do not burn out or burn through the budget with all the good times . a secret , smarter love approaches you at year 's end . it 's a sizzling , sweet year ! $ you 're exciting and in demand this year , so spend more time with more people . it may look like you 're concentrating on everybody else , but by year 's end you 'll see that it was all about you . have fun , connect , and make progress , especially in the first month . you have energy and ambition to burn . time with friends in july will be helpful and productive . august is also a social time - everyone wants to be generous . in november rethink a decision you made a few months ago and be satisfied with your final choice . friends , and a warm , familiar love , surround you in april ! $ set your sights on a personal goal this year . do not be afraid to reach for the stars . be ambitious and inventive , especially early on , and have the support of friends and family . have solid plans and be steady and sensible in your efforts . talk with friends and get advice in july , but use your own ideas . august is rich with summer fun . watch your expenses and then enjoy ! be smart about good health in november and december . april is busy with friends new and old , as well as mischievous pleasure . some of it may be flirtatious , too . it 's an accomplished , warm - hearted year ! $ you know what you want and how to get it this year ! you may not get everything instantly , but you know how to make it happen . cleverness and energy are gifts that serve you well , particularly in the first few months . be quietly productive and responsible . a friend may have some good ideas for you in july . some unexpected good luck may find you while you 're busy having fun with family in august . reevaluate your position in november , and do not be too self - critical . you 're doing well . in april and may relax with friends and perhaps a loving admirer who finally speaks up ! $ secret desires and private thoughts keep you motivated all year . with your energy and spirit , there 's no limit to what you can make happen . work hard , possibly with friends , in the early months and make tremendous progress . stay realistic about money and daily chores , and be ready for fun and relaxation in august . enjoy quiet but intense times with friends . with family , be more outgoing and fun - loving . take good care of yourself in november - eat and rest well . trust your own judgment and instincts at work in february . confide a few secrets to that special someone before year 's end ! $ you have endless great ideas , plans , and energy for the future ! a few of those plans may catch fire and take you far this year . be practical and patient as well as ambitious and creative . you can do it all , especially in june and july . in august something a friend says in private may suddenly click and work out for you in public . some unexpected summer fun later in august could lead to someone being generous . say thank you . look for inspiration , but do not daydream at work in february . in may and june get ready for some romantic insights and possibly passionate love ! $ you 're on fire this year and nothing will slow you down . if you can feel driven without getting impulsive or impatient , you 'll accomplish whatever your heart desires . be independent in the first couple of months , then reach out and relax with friends in july and august . people will be eager to hear what you 've been doing . there may also be fun with family or an unexpected visit from an old friend . a slight misunderstanding at work in february could turn out favorably . be realistic and gracious . from april until year 's end be surrounded by loving friends and rich , friendly love ! $ assert yourself and clearly see who you are and what you want to be . nothing can distract you from what is right or best for you . be motivated and full of energy , particularly in the first few months . relax with friends and family in the summer , mostly in august , and see how much you 're admired and loved . in january if a love interest questions something that you know is right for you , just be true to yourself . be more sensitive and effective at work in february . unexpected happiness comes from friends and that special someone in the closing months ! $ money may attract more attention this year . you 're practical and smart , so struggle less with any pressure to provide for yourself and loved ones . you 're full of energy and motivation , so stress less and simply tend to business . take a break in august and let friends pamper you a bit . it makes them happy to see you happy . a partner may suddenly disagree with you in january , or perhaps a new partner will appear with different ideas . listen politely , but trust your own judgment . find inspiration in your work in february . be unexpectedly lucky with friends in april . love is yours all year ! $ you can strike that sweet balance between material wealth and emotional wealth and make progress in both realms . be shrewd and sensitive in the first two months and see your determination pay off by july . if you yearn for luxury , be conservative and modest in your aims . august could get extravagant , so watch the budget and then let the universe , friends , and family be generous . you 're lucky all summer . be an inspiration at work in february , and gain insight into what motivates people . long - distance friends are your good luck in april . be wrapped in love all year long ! $ be popular and lucky all year long ! you radiate charm and people simply want to be with you . they like doing favors for you , too . quietly attend to business in the first couple months and then enjoy all good things in august . let friends surprise you with their generosity . be generous in return . extravagance is not required . remember to take care of your health in november and december . be conspicuous and encouraging at work in february . this will serve you well later . make some new friends in april , and find some hot new love before the year ends ! $ your best luck and greatest treasures will come from people and places close to home this year . people work smoothly with you , and your enthusiasm and energy will find lots of constructive projects in the first two months . be respectful of your money and have more than enough . august is pleasant and september absolutely joyous with social and family events . no need to run wild or be extravagant . everyone is feeling generous and loving . respect any health concerns in november and let go of any regrets . in february aspire to something more for the future at work . it 's an ambitious , affectionate year ! $ ambitious dreams for tomorrow have their roots at home today ! you have resources and a good foundation to make this a powerful , successful year . get your thoughts organized and use your strong instincts to make the most of the opening months . financial progress can be steady , if slow , with more than enough for a splendid summer . parties and big local meet - ups are likelier than a distant vacation . let friends make suggestions and surprise you with their plans . be safety conscious in november . have bigger career dreams in february . you know that good things take time . welcome love 's sweet embrace all year long ! $ energy and enthusiasm are at an all - time high and confusion and doubt are low ! work hard and accomplish your dreams . in the first two months be pragmatic and a bit protective of what you already have . make progress and gain more without getting manic or greedy . relax and recharge your emotional batteries with friends and family in summer . august is especially rich and happy . love may knock on your door in september , and it will not be shy . speak and act wisely in public in february . people are hanging on your every word . after april , slow down and unwind at home with loved ones ! $ look forward to peaceful times , great luck , and happy people this year . if they 're unhappy when you encounter them , they will not be after spending time with you . you have the touch that calms and soothes the most anxious and agitated . that includes you , so relax and feel secure . the first two months are smooth , if busy . simply tend to business as usual and be responsible . august is about fun and surprises , mostly from friends . enjoy the playfulness . be good to yourself in november , and be inspired and inspirational in february . notice who admires you in may . love conquers all in the final month ! $ find surprising solutions to stubborn old problems this year . you 're well anchored in the real world and comfortable with yourself no matter what 's happening . the first few months look calm and good for making some personal progress , especially at home . august bristles with fun , silliness , and generosity . you may want more peace and quiet in september , but it will not be boring . if a romance starts to feel like work , express this and see what might be changed . dream of far - off places and adventures in february . april gets socially exciting - you might rock a few boats . passion burns through any obstacles at year 's end ! $ this is your time for more fun , creativity , and self - expression ! your inner child will be very near the surface all year long , so choose wisely when it 's appropriate to act out . be responsible and methodical early in the year and build yourself a good base . august is full of fun and frivolity . friends and family will insist on it , anyway . october may be your most creative time and also the riskiest for possibly upsetting or offending someone . your good instincts can keep this under control . enjoy a mental getaway in february . the rest of the year is quiet , productive , loving , and - yes - fun ! $ be creative and socially gracious , and let those excess emotions do good things ! feelings may be high all year , so channel them into positive outlets . be steady and sensible in dealing with daily life , especially in the first few months , and do well all the rest of the year . decompress and celebrate with friends and family in august . if they want to do this in a big way , respect your budget . get creative and daring in november . be spirited and sensible . dreams and aspirations for the future get big in february . social life ignites in april . be treasured all year long ! $ be creative and inspired , follow your heart , and do not look back ! good instincts and intuition will keep you productive and progressing , especially in the first few months . positive criticism sometimes might help you improve things , but negative criticism ? not so much . you have a passion for people and all good things , so enjoy a festive august ( without blowing the budget ) , and treasure all that heartfelt fun with friends and family . do your best for yourself in november . be sensitive and inspired in february . be enthusiastic and inventive at work in april . there are benefits to come . love is in the air all year ! $ take care of the details , take care of yourself , and have a bold , productive year ! it frees up time and energy for more of what you love . enjoy your daily routine and be well organized , particularly early in the year . august means fun and adventure with friends and family - and you will not travel far . november and december may be busy . if some doubts and discouragement appear , they 'll turn out to be illusions . have faith in yourself and do not let anything slow you down . be bold and smart at work in april . intuition and love burn brightly , especially in the closing months ! $ you have endless passion for work and people this year . you 're surrounded by more help and resources than you suspect . just start the conversation . your ideas and efforts are noticed by many , and your hard work could earn more income before august . welcome the unexpected . be generous and receive much from friends and family in august . you 're luckiest and most charming now . luck and charm stay with you , peaking again in december . small rewards and advantages can quickly add up to something big and beautiful . april is your power month , too . passion and your big , tender heart serve you well all year ! $ be your own best friend and be healthy and happy all year long ! friends and family will encourage you to take better care of yourself and make it easier . see benefits in august when your energy increases and smart decisions can bring more income . have fun all summer , and be generous without spending more than needed . feel more creative in november , but let those bright ideas simmer . take good care of yourself in late december , and do not overdo the holiday eating and partying . love could surprise you in january . pleasant surprises at work in april may pay off big for months to come ! $ love draws you out this year and it could be hard to satisfy all your feelings . be aware that your dream love could find you . you shine with energy and inspiration and this can bring many people your way . enjoy the exposure and popularity . private conversations and networking could bring money your way in august . have fun , but watch expenses . december and january are emotional , sensitive times when you 'll need your partner to work with you . keep anxieties under control and then listen to your heart . work hard in march and april and win rewards and recognition . it 's an ambitious , affectionate year ! $ sweet , soothing love finds you in a year when romance could solve more problems than it causes . have good , clear discussions ( mostly about money ) and sizzle with popularity in august . agree on what constitutes relaxing fun and then relax into november . a challenge or disagreement in january could stress a relationship , but there 's a solution if you both want to work for it . ideally , you want everybody to be happy . a spiritual insight or breakthrough could heal your heart in february . extra incentive at work in april can be very profitable in coming months . you 're advancing in all the ways that count this year ! $ you see answers for other people 's problems and gain great insight into solving your own . easily and happily fix some daily concerns - often money related - that have annoyed you for a while . summer fun could get expensive in august if you do not pay attention to your budget . you can do it and still feel like royalty . your mood may sag briefly in november . a totally unexpected show of love in january is a major pick - me - up . get joyful and inspired in february . a change at work in april is another big boost for your prestige and finances . it 's a brilliant , beautiful year ! $ have big plans , big ideas , and big dreams ! there 's all the energy you need . be realistic in your approach and see what you can make happen . august is loving and luxurious without any need to overspend . the whole summer is made for fun . enjoy quiet time in november and politely ignore any meaningless criticism . a big love ( not necessarily a person ) could come or go in january , or perhaps it 's simply a shift in the romance lineup . working for a good cause touches your heart in february . be daring but not reckless at work in april and gain respect and rewards . have a magnificent year ! $ dreams can come to life this year ! make the best use of your almost endless energy and enthusiasm , turn any challenge or sudden change to your favor , and work wonders . be popular and attract good luck and possibly money in august . have fun , but respect your budget . be patient in november and get countless creative great ideas for later . a major change in a partnership or love interest could happen in january . a strong heart and clear head will assure that all is right . be inspired and uplifted in february . be bold , not wild , at work in april . have a dynamic , dream - filled year ! $ be popular , prominent , and do great things this year ! you 'll be highly visible and people will hear what you say . just relax and be your normal , goodhearted self . august is party time , but you can keep things under control . watch your expenses , respect your resources , and see people respect you . by november you may have second thoughts about the summer , but do not look back with regret . be safe and healthy in january . spiritual insights may come in early march . march and april are powerful times at work , so do your best and benefit for a long time to come . have a glorious year ! $ work hard and make tremendous progress with any career plans . you 'll be more visible socially and in the public eye , too . there 's more than enough energy and motivation for you to make this a great year . attract money and widen your networking circle in august and have some big fun . if you overspend in august , you may rein in expenses in november . do not be too severe . be proactive about health in january . remember some big dreams in march . do a lot at work in april , but you may face some opposition . be gracious but firm , bold but not confrontational . it 's a powerful year ! $ put your own agenda and well - being first and be tireless this year ! succeed big and have more to share and give back . feel charmed and lucky in august , and be surprised by everyone 's generosity . make some time in november to work hard on a private passion . be more health and safety conscious in january . an unlikely dream may start to make more sense in march . april is the time to focus on career plans . be solid , practical , and bold in your efforts . more authority and profit could find you in the coming months . be smart , ambitious , loved , and admired all year ! $ enjoy the social good life in big and small ways this year ! you can participate in more groups and social circles without exhausting yourself or your resources . look forward to lots of party invitations and summer gatherings in august . pay your share , but do not be overgenerous . concentrate on what works best in november . respect health and daily obligations in january . a spiritual insight in march could catch fire in your imagination . a generous act from august could bring you a lucky break at work in april . you and your friends come together for extra pleasure and happiness in may . be loved all year ! $ have many good times with friends and learn ways to improve your material well - being and finances as the year goes on . friends can a guiding force if expenses get unreasonable in august . organize your thoughts in november and enjoy more low - key personal pleasures . be wise and reasonable about health , diet , and safety in january . work steadily and in march learn a deep and happy lesson that makes you better and more effective . be innovative at work in april . social life picks up in may . there may be a few minor clashes , but with good resolutions for all . be surrounded by comfort and friends all year ! $ be popular , mentally sharp , and keenly observant all this year ! you 'll also have a lot to say , though you may want to save it for a trusted few . august holds high summer fun and a few surprises . just be careful about costs and spending . slow down , enjoy more private quality time in november , and do not let a friend 's emotional ups and downs upset you . be safety conscious in january . you may solve a sticky and important dilemma in march . a surprise at work in april can be beneficial later . lighthearted social fun offers relief in june . it 's a loving , enlightening year ! $ people confide in you this year , and you have a lot of confidential advice to share . people enjoy your company , and you may be very busy when the competing invitations arrive in august . do not overspend or over - party . respect your budget and gain more financial respect and trust in november . enjoy some creative , quiet time , too . guard against burnout or exhaustion in january . in march be even more inspired and motivated to go and do what you love . be inventive and productive at work in april . the right people will notice . the final month is packed with sparkling talk , great enthusiasm , and tremendous affection ! $ you may crave a more ideal connection with the people and things you love best . traditions touch your heart and enrich your life every day . be sensitive to the needs of friends in august and celebrate summer festivities with family . respect your budget and money will create no problem . work diligently and enjoy a calm , creative november . take good care of yourself in january and avoid anything risky or reckless . an aspiration becomes reasonable and possible in march . a bold action at work can be well received in april . the last month brings much happiness with clever , ambitious friends and tender love ! $ be privately ambitious and wisely choose when , where , and how outwardly hard to pursue your goals . success is within your grasp , and with care you can make things happen . august is busy with summer get - togethers that could get expensive if you are not careful . have fun and enjoy seeing people happy . pull back a bit in november and schedule quiet time for yourself . be safe , healthy , and responsive to fixing little problems in january . march brings dreams of happiness and love . outward ambition may kick in for you in april . end the year on many high notes of love , wisdom , and success ! $ you 're the center of a big circle of friends and family , so make sure you remember to be at the center of your own life , too ! take good care of your needs and happiness and be strong and ready for anything . be popular and lucky in august and receive some generous treatment from a surprising source . if some people 's requests seem unreasonable to you in november , trust your judgment and be firm . respect any health needs in january . in april be bold and confident at work even if it makes you uncomfortable for a while . be loved and supported all year ! $ hold your head high all year and find joy in every day ! do more of what pleases you and watch the people around you grow happier . make wise money decisions in august , and be generous with your time and favors . many good things will return to you later . save private time in november for what pleases you . get physically active in january and maybe overhaul your ideas of how to be healthy . it may not be possible to do all you want in march . you do a great deal and get a lot of love , especially intimate love , in the final months ! $ get practical and lucky this year and make great progress with money and material wealth of all sorts ! august is an especially lucky and fun time when people want to be and be seen with you . make contacts that can benefit you later . spend more time on your own pursuits in november , though it may briefly cost you some approval or friendship . be true to you . health and the details of daily life are important in january . take extra good care of yourself . april may be the time to be bold and benefit from earlier efforts and relationships . be loved and admired all year ! $ make great progress this year and see your biggest victories come from the smallest efforts ! you appreciate what matters most , and it is not always the loudest or flashiest concerns . be modest in your ambitions ( but be ambitious ) in the first month . august and september light up with fun , generosity , and a golden touch for making lasting connections . concentrate on your own passions in november . be smart about health in january , and tend promptly to any loose ends or worries . people may expect too much of you in march . progress at work blooms in april . it 's a year of love , opportunity , and success ! $ it 's one busy year full of fun , friends , and some crazy big opportunities ! make sure you get your rest and keep your home organized so you can better enjoy all the activity elsewhere . make friends and perhaps more money in august when people like how you do what you do . september is satisfying and less hectic , but work may keep you busy . november is more for you to recover and relish some fun personal projects . be good to yourself in january , too . a big break at work is possible in april , so pay attention . you 're wrapped in love and wisdom , especially near year 's end ! $ it 's a productive year full of friends and personal prime time . work calmly and steadily day by day on the little things and see great progress and satisfaction by year 's end . august is full of heavy socializing and temptations to overspend , but you can weather this popularity storm . see eye to eye with friends and wise relatives in september and october . they 'll respect your need for privacy in november . stay safe and healthy in january . continue calmly working and prepare for an april challenge at work that shows off your skills and talents . love and affection are near at hand all year long ! $ enjoy plenty of support from friends and family , and be ready for whatever opportunities and challenges come your way ! you 're strong , smart , and can make your own breaks . present yourself well in august and attract resources and people who want to advance with you . in october you can clearly see people 's agendas and future work possibilities . make suggestions and secure agreements . explore a private passion in november . be healthy and feel good in january . attend to daily obligations and be ready to pounce - or create - an opportunity at work in april . the closing months are more intimate , passionate , and quiet ! $ put down deep , strong roots with friends , family , and community , and make the most of all the breaks that come your way ! make some of your own , too . your judgment is good and your instincts are better still . enjoy high times in august , but do not linger or overspend . in october be calm and do what makes sense to you , especially at home . you may want to change something that displeases others . remember that you count , too . be safe and healthier in january . april puts you in the spotlight at work . you can make things happen . as the year ends , let people love you ! $ home is your emotional anchor and from there you can take on the world ! you may have moments of doubt or insecurity , but nothing will slow you down . be mentally keen and curious as the year starts . gifts and tenderness from friends will keep you feeling strong and secure in august . be careful with money and enjoy smooth sailing . stay calm in november and december . do not argue with yourself - you 're fine . be strong in january and inspire others in march . work diligently and stay patient in april . rewards are coming . activity , fondness , and love fill the last few months ! $ be productive at home and get closer to loved ones ! your understanding and actions find easy answers to any questions or problems . you may be expected to go through the motions socially or for the family in august . december is more relaxed and concerns your own interests and needs . make yourself happy . be health conscious in january . listen to others ' dreams and wishes in march . be successful at work in april . be bold and take on more authority and responsibility . be firm , not belligerent . quiet , loving times - and maybe some red - hot loving - at home fill out the final months ! $ be your own brightest star and learn what 's most fulfilling for you . make your own evaluations and then trust your judgment . you may need to go along with the flow in august . if income improves , say thank you and keep working hard . you may need more alone time in december to combat holiday madness and explore and satisfy your own needs and desires . stay healthy in january and stay active . april and may are busy at work - or perhaps mostly mentally busy with desired changes and innovations that are slow in coming . hang in there . deep love and devotion embrace you all year ! $ you sparkle with fun and excitement this year ! if not a big trip , a big adventure close to home is still possible . you 're ready to think , plan , and live big . festivities cannot be big enough for you in august . enjoy the popularity and fun , but watch the expense . work calmly until december ignites with more fun and thrills . you 'll keep it safe , no matter how wild it looks at first . attend to daily details in january and do not be caught off guard by anything . be the center of attraction again in april , and maybe go somewhere romantic . relax in the arms of love . sweetness ! $ be surrounded by people and good times this year ! live life on a slightly bigger stage and be more successful at whatever you try . if wishes and careful planning compete in your mind , be confident and then successful . generosity and popularity find you later in august . do not fritter away this good luck - profit all year from it . be firm and confident at home in november and enjoy life more in december . be encouraging and supportive in january and march , and take good care of yourself , too . let your creativity and inner light shine in april . love every day and be loved , too ! $ health and happiness are big on your agenda , and you deserve the extra pampering and attention . do not overthink or imagine problems in the first month , but settle down and be ready to attract good luck , more money , and more attention in august and september . if you 're uncomfortable socially , relax and let it pass . have confidence in december , especially at home . be strong - willed and in control of all the details in january . let someone special confide in you in march . work hard throughout the year , particularly in april and may , but do not fight other people 's battles . your year is full of love ! $ daily life comes together for you as annoyances and complications melt away under your gaze ! you 'll naturally work hard all year but not even consider it work . get in your groove in the first month , get lucky , and have many friends backing you in september . money should be adequate if you remember your budget . maybe save a little in december , but do not neglect your own needs . focus on what needs to be done in january and let the rest wait . someone else 's wishful thinking could get amusing in march . from april until year 's end , be busy , productive , romantic , and in love with life ! $ your birthday year gets off to a great start as you explore new possibilities in love and romance . however , it 's important for you to take the time to go slowly as you pursue these relationship opportunities . otherwise , you might find that later in the year , you have bitten off more than you can chew . this summer will be a good time to pick up the pace , and by fall , you will know whether you can commit for the long term or try again with someone new . the next few months will also be a good time to really get clear on your work and professional life . if you have ever wanted to change careers , winter is the time to get serious and take action . $ plan on taking a vacation this summer as your birthday year begins with a planetary influence that encourages rest and relaxation . this energy do not last long however , and by august the pace picks up and you will be drawn to complete unfinished projects and tie up loose ends . your fall season looks good financially , as all your hard work begins to pay off and you reap the harvest you have worked so hard for . november is a good month for spending time with family and loved ones as you will feel a powerful nesting instinct that promotes building stronger bonds with those you are already close too . make the most of your time together , and take this opportunity to let go of old resentments and tensions . $ if you have been wanting to make changes in your life , this year is the time to do it . your birthday kicks off with a bang , as you take the leap into a whole new era of your life . your courage , bravery and drive are taken to a whole new level as you take risks and try new things . september will bring an important decision that could lead to some doors closing as others open . try to make this decision carefully , paying particular attention to what you will lose as well as what you might gain . december brings a turning point in an intimate relationship , either bringing you closer together , or giving you insight on why you might need to take a break . $ if you have been waiting for something , you should receive an answer or decision now , as your birthday brings a sense of resolution and completion to a long awaited project or issue . love is in the air all summer , as you rediscover your joy and love for life . try not to commit to any one person right away , instead take your time to discover who is really right for you . as the weather turns cooler this fall , you may become so busy with work that you have a hard time making room for relationships . it 's important that you learn to balance these two areas of your life , as you will need both in order to feel happy and fulfilled . plan on a big surprise later in the year as things heat up in your life with a new and unexpected opportunity arising seemingly out of nowhere . $ this birthday year , if you can dream it and believe it , you can be it . now is the time to envision your most desired fantasy becoming reality , as your life takes on a magical flavor , and people , places and events wake you up to new possibilities and astounding opportunities . july may bring a short detour on your path as you try to slow down the pace of your progress . but once you grow more accustomed to all the changes , the speed picks up again , and by late fall you may not even recognize the person you have become . make sure you try to save money now as your expenses could grow later this year due to new additions to your home or family . $ your birthday year should get off to a great start with invitations to a variety of social gatherings and other fun events . as the weather gets warmer , your romantic life should heat up as well . whether you are single or partnered , this summer will bring you plenty of opportunities for love and connection . you may feel that you are working harder for the same results , but by the end of the fall , your efforts will bear fruit , and you are likely to receive some kind of recognition or acknowledgement at work . if you keep your ego in check and avoid acting overconfident , your star will continue to rise , and you can count on success in all your endeavors . $ birthday surprises abound for you as you find fulfillment in unexpected places . your lessons this year revolve around keeping an open mind and trying things you may have been afraid of in the past . through encounters with new friends and romantic partners , your summer should be an unusual one . try to keep your connections with old friends as you experiment with new social activities . in october you may feel the need to spend some time alone , retreating and taking a break from the busy whirl of the previous few months . this fall can also be a good time to save money for the future , when you will decide to make a big purchase , probably something that you have wanted for a long time . $ your birthday celebration may seem to get off to a slow start , leaving you hungering for opportunities to party and have a good time . if you can be patient and trust that you will get what you want , july should bring you many more opportunities for fun and frolic . your mind may also be focused on love this year , as you try to jumpstart your social life and spend more time out and about . it 's likely that you will encounter success in the realm of romance , though it may come in an unusual form . try to keep an open mind and an adventurous spirit and by next year you will likely find yourself happier than you have been in a long time . $ your desire to learn new things and explore beyond the reaches of your immediate environment is strong this year , as you strike out in search of adventure . august brings you opportunities to travel and interact with a new group of people . though you may feel hesitant at first , by the fall , you will find your confidence growing in leaps and bounds . try to remember to be observant and ask questions , as you take on the role of a student . by november , you may have an opportunity to share some of what you are learning with others . at the end of the year , love is in the air , as your courage to reach out and connect to others grows by leaps and bounds . $ this birthday may seem to remind you of everything you are grateful for in your life , as planetary influences bring you a sense of satisfaction and fulfillment . although you may feel challenged to hold onto these good feelings during the month of august , with a little hard work , you will still be able to maintain your appreciation for your life accomplishments even during this stressful time . by the middle of september you will notice that you are ready to take on a new project or mission . think carefully before you make any big commitments , but allow yourself to move forward into this unexplored direction . your family and community may feel neglected at first , but later they will thank you for your hard work . $ if it 's your birthday today , you are in for a real treat as this year is bound to be one you will remember for a long time . july gets off to a great start with exciting encounters with others that lead you to a new understanding of yourself . september may find you working hard to complete unfinished projects , but by the end of the fall , you will have more time to relax and rejuvenate . your finances should improve as well , as you grow more creative in how you apply your skills and talents in the world . try to listen more than you talk this year , learning from those around you and gathering important information that will help you in the future . $ your birthday year may seem challenging at first , leading you to believe that things are harder than they actually are , but if you can be patient , you will reap great rewards later . august looks to be one of your best months in a long time , as you creatively blossom in the world , and express yourself in fun and exciting ways . this process will lead to many new opportunities in work , love and your home life , particularly during mid - to late fall . the more you can maintain your commitment this year to those things that are important to you in life , the greater your rewards will be later . overall , patience and persistence will pay off more than trying to push things forward too quickly . $ mystery , magic and the unexpected are the theme of your birthday this year . you may meet a new person who introduces you to fascinating new arenas of life and intriguing possibilities to explore . july will be a good time to move forward into this new territory , remembering to keep your feet on the ground and take care of practical matters as you take a leap into the unknown . by september you should know if you are going to change your life completely , or take baby steps until you feel comfortable enough to go all the way . at work , late fall could be a good time to ask for a promotion or other change in your professional environment . $ your birthday this year presents you with an opportunity to make a renewed commitment to your health and well - being . if you have ever wanted to take up a new sport or get in shape , this year is the time to do it . in august you will receive extra encouragement in this direction from a friend or romantic partner , who may join in on your efforts , or support you in other ways . you may also have an opportunity to travel in late summer , exploring new environments and being exposed to diverse people and situations . make the most of all this activity , as once the fall season kicks in , you will have ample opportunity to slow down and relax , as you nest in preparation for a new year . $ celebrate in style on your birthday in preparation for great things to come . as your own personal new year sets in , you will be offered a number of appealing opportunities to choose from . love , work and travel top the list , and your own problem may be choosing just a few from so many exciting options . try to remember what is really important to you , and what you value in life above all else . by september , you should have a clear idea of what direction to take , as your life moves forward in a completely different direction than you might have expected . fall is your transition time , as you make the leap from one reality to the next . go more slowly then , but do go . $ imagine your life as if it was exactly the way you wanted it . this birthday year , you might actually have a chance to live this life as planetary influences bring you long sought - after goals . though july might bring some unexpected challenges , by the end of the summer , you will have manifested more than one of your wishes and dreams . love in particular may offer opportunities galore , as you rejuvenate existing relationships or meet exciting new romantic partners in play . gratitude will help this expansive tide of goodness keep flowing right through the fall , as you continue to discover what brings you joy and fulfillment . if winter brings a few wrinkles in your plans , stay patient because things will smooth out early next year . $ fun , playfulness , and humor are easy to manifest this year as your birthday begins on a note of whimsy . try to carry this tone into the rest of your life , as you may feel more serious than usual around matters of the heart . be assured that this will not last forever , as the fall will bring you many chances for love . in fact , you may find yourself hearing from people from your past at this time and taking steps to forge new beginnings . november in particular could be a good time to make progress in relationships , and you will see your work pay off by the beginning of next year . although your success will not be instantaneous , it should be long - lasting . $ your birthday brings you a fresh start , as you clear away the cobwebs of the past and take the next steps on your journey . although you may feel a bit uncertain about the challenges you face , you have a chance to re - create yourself and embark on a whole new life . you may find yourself a little confused in september , questioning your changes and new priorities . if you can stay the course through the fall , you will find that you are able to fully commit yourself to the life you have now chosen . you will probably also receive support and encouragement from a new friend at this time . allow yourself to be helped , even if it makes you feel vulnerable . $ you will probably enjoy being the center of attention on your birthday , but by july you will be craving time alone . try to find a balance between retreating and socializing this year , as you may have a tendency to overdo one or the other . during the month of august you will feel a greater sense of ease in life and be able to relax about the choices and decisions you have made so far . finances may become an issue in september , but by the end of the year you will see a light at the end of the tunnel . it 's possible at this time that you will discover a new way to generate income doing something that comes naturally to you . $ contemplation is the word for today . at some point , you might receive a call from a friend wanting advice on a serious decision . do not be surprised if you spend more time listening than advising , libra . goals of your own might need some thought and possibly reevaluation , as changes in your immediate environment could present new and exciting possibilities to you . think about it . $ libra , you are worried that some of the people close to your heart might change . you have been watching and paying attention to subtle signs and changes for quite some time now . today you will feel like a guide , and you will help those who might need you . you will be able to show them the way and help them to fulfill their needs . $ as the real libra that you are , you are not in the habit of talking without saying anything constructive . sometimes people accuse you of having nothing to say . when you 're just being patient , they say that you 're ignorant . when you 're demonstrating your tolerance , they say you 're indifferent . today it 's time for those people to learn the real truth about you and understand just how much you have to say about the world . $ your altruism and ability to listen to others will greatly influence the day , libra . someone close to you is having difficulties and do not know how to explain the problem . this person needs you and knows that you 're the only one who can help find a way out . make time to listen patiently and you 'll find a solution together . $ perhaps you were able to see friends or neighbors a day or so ago , libra , but today you do not feel like socializing . nerve strain and other stresses might leave you more in the mood to be alone . however , since your friends could be connected with your business , you will not want to shut them out . the best thing to do is stay in close communication with them . accomplish what you want as quickly as possible . $ there is no need to frown when another person walks by just because you do not know that person , libra . you must break the habit of living your life in fear . take active steps toward curing this trend by not stepping down when strong forces try to intimidate you with brute strength . promote the picture of peace and serenity that you have inside your head . bring out more of your inner self . $ there 's a loving tenderness in the air that you 'll find very comforting , libra . ground your sensitive emotions and make room for love to enter the picture . it could be that you 're feeling indecisive when it comes to matters of love and romance . the best thing for you to do is stabilize your emotions and then make the effort to connect intimately with another . the decisions will flow naturally from there . $ the fog has lifted and you 're ready to take off , libra . the dreaminess you may have experienced lately has been nice , but now it 's time to get moving again . use all that you have learned from that recent internal processing and put it to use in the practical world . try not to get caught up in the crossfire of conversations that do not really pertain to you . feel free to start something new . $ today may prove to be one of your busiest in a long time , libra . the promise of continuing success could find you spending a lot of time on the phone , sending faxes or emails , or perhaps making a few short trips around the community . you might not be able to reach everyone you hoped to speak to , however . do not let this get you down . just be persistent and you 'll reach them eventually . $ paperwork , perhaps contracts or other legal documents of some kind , might need attention so you can move ahead with some of your projects . these projects could involve writing or speaking . your mind is in just the right space to participate in anything involving communication , libra , and doors of opportunity may open up for you in this field . gird your loins and get to it . you 'll be glad you did . $ someone close to you might seem more preoccupied than usual , libra , and perhaps a bit difficult to deal with . do not take this personally . it has little if anything to do with you . he or she do not want to share their troubles . you might be feeling a bit tense and jumpy , but this is nothing to worry about . take a brisk walk or work out . this should bring some relief . $ romance is coming your way today as long as you stay levelheaded about the immediate situation , libra . take care of menial daily tasks and then let your heart soar . you 'll find that you have a strong connection to your emotions . trust your instincts and feel free to let your heart take control . be realistic about your relationships with others but push the boundaries once they 've been set . $ a higher level of intuition and inspiration than is usual for you could enhance your artistic talents , libra . a powerful drive to express the stories , pictures , or music that may be flooding your mind could result in your spending as much of the day as possible in seclusion , jotting down thoughts and ideas . by day 's end , you might have spent most of your free time alone yet be very satisfied with the results . $ get your head out of the clouds today , libra , and come back to earth for just a little bit . there are some things you need to take care of here . mundane tasks and routine jobs will not be painful after you set your mind to getting them done . you 'll be able to accomplish quite a bit . just make sure to keep a level head about the reality of the situation . $ you might be called upon to choose between two ways of handling a situation , libra . the old ways of doing things are in conflict with the new . which way are you going to proceed ? do not be thrown off course by fast talk and sleight of hand . also , do not assume that the way that has worked forever is still the best solution . use your intuition to choose the best route for you . $ your artistic side may want to take to the airwaves in some way today , libra . perhaps you should consider building your own website or getting a spot on a local radio show . your dreams need a vehicle for distribution . give them the means to be dispersed to others . you have the ability to inspire many people . take this ability seriously and make use of your creative talents . $ today is a great day to go out and get things done , libra . you might find that you 're a bit indecisive , but do not sweat it . do not feel like you have to make any great commitments . you 'll do fine jumping around from lily pad to lily pad . get yourself into the open and express what 's on your mind . engage in some sort of physical activity that gets your circulation going . $ your emotions may be a bit erratic . it could be hard for you to focus on anything today , libra . things continue to shift from one topic to the next with little resolution of any . others are not apt to be very sympathetic to your feelings , so do not expect them to be . you 'll only be setting yourself up for disappointment . it 's a better day to focus on your head rather than your heart . $ stop trying to feel everyone else 's emotions and really feel your own , libra . being empathetic to others ' needs is charitable , but you need to face the music and look at yourself . make a clear distinction between your needs and those of others . express your feelings to those around you . ask for help if you need it . other people are not mind readers . they probably have no idea what you feel . $ reach for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow , libra . it 's closer than you think . indeed , your dreams are completely within your reach , and there are huge forces at work helping you achieve your goals . you should find yourself in a favorable mood all day . people will be more sensitive than usual to your emotions . let your fantasies lead the way . $ feel free to speak up today , libra . perhaps no one has heard your point of view in a while . it 's probably important for them to hear it . just because people do not ask for your opinion , that do not mean it is not valid . you have incredible intuitive insight that others fail to see . do not assume they know what you 're thinking - even though you probably know what they 're thinking . $ you might find yourself a bit unfocused and confused about which way to go , libra . the baffled look on your face is not helping anyone else figure out how to help you . do not feel obliged to remain in an unhealthy situation . it may be time to let go and break some ties to things that no longer work for you . feel good about extricating yourself from old habits that no longer serve you . $ get your head out of the clouds , libra . you 'll find out that nitpicky details you failed to attend to earlier are now coming back to haunt you . do not postpone your work any further . the time to take care of the job is now . balance your checkbook and do your laundry . clean your bathtub and go grocery shopping . the more you accomplish today , the better you 'll feel about yourself tomorrow . $ try to have a positive , optimistic outlook today , libra . adopt an attitude of gratitude and look to see the beauty in everything around you . this is a day to appreciate what you 've got , especially the people who love you . compliment others and let them know how much they mean to you . these words and deeds will have a rippling effect that will bring you a great deal of good fortune . $ some intense dreams could visit you tonight . keep a notebook and pen by your bedside , libra . it 's important you remember them . you 'll want to visualize every single detail . in the morning , you might want to reflect on their possible meaning . they could give rise to new knowledge about yourself , a new spiritual revelation , or artistic inspiration . books could be of particular assistance in understanding what your dreams are telling you . $ people are apt to be quite emotional when it comes to the appearance they wish to project today , libra , so be careful where you step . it 's your job to see through the trendy makeup and fashion that hide the true personalities of the people who insist on wearing these masks . the key is not to be fooled by those who hide behind a facade built more by society than by themselves . $ it 's time to implement the plans you fostered as a result of internal processes over the past few days , libra . hop in the driver 's seat and take control . as you do , you may need to erect a bit of a mental barrier . people could be somewhat abrasive , and your sensitive nature is susceptible to harsh comments . take things with a grain of salt . remember that if people criticize you , it 's because they love you . $ your intuition is operating at a very high level today , libra . you tend to follow your heart by nature , so you do not always go out of your way to be logical or objective . however , more than one event could occur during the day in which it 's imperative that you go with your intuition even though it defies all logic . have a little faith and go with your gut ! $ a small sum of money could come your way today , libra . it could be that someone pays you what 's owed you , or you could win a small amount in a lottery . you might find a 20 bill lying in the street ! sex and romance are very much on your mind . if you cannot get together with a partner this evening , you might curl up with a steamy novel or watch a romantic video . $ romance and marriage are very much on your mind today , libra . a special conversation with a possible love partner could have you hankering for happily ever after . books on attracting and maintaining relationships might be especially appealing as well as useful . take care not to put too much stock in detailed analyses , however . remember that such books are based on generalities . you 're unique . $ you 'll probably be perfectly in tune with the day ahead , libra . of course , there are days when it 's tempting to run away from the reality of the moment and its hardships . at times like today , you 're so compassionate that you find it easy to listen to others , and life is truly rewarding . people find your company soothing and pleasant , and they are likely to thank you for it . $ you tend to be rather intuitive , libra , but today your psychic abilities could seem more focused than usual . you 're better able to tune in to thoughts , feelings , and events . if you give readings , this is a good day for it , because you 're apt to be more accurate than usual . do not do too many or you could lose your focus and not do anyone else any good . work steadily and pace yourself . $ you might wake up this morning , look in the mirror , and decide that you hate what you see even though you probably look fine . this is a good day to shop for new clothes or get a haircut . perhaps you feel a little blue . getting out and indulging yourself is more a necessity than luxury . do not overindulge in food or drink now , libra . you might not like the consequences tomorrow ! $ your romantic , sensitive nature comes alive today , libra , and you may find yourself searching for the security of a close lover . you 're apt to be pickier than usual - not just anyone will do anymore . there is a longing within you for the company of someone who shares your deep intuitive understanding of people , emotions , and life in general . do not settle for anything less . $ as a natural healer , you might find yourself experiencing a rush of transformative energy today , which you should put into practice . this is a great time to go for a massage or study natural healing modalities such as herbs or aromatherapy . combine them with your innate healing abilities , libra , and you might be happy with the results . your mind is especially receptive right now . you 'll retain more of what you learn than you usually would . $ other people are likely to be anxious to get up and moving with their plans , libra . it might be better for you to hang back a bit and see how things pan out before you take action . let others go across the river first to learn the best way . do you take a boat , wade , or look for a bridge ? let someone else be the guinea pig so you 'll have all the information you need to make the most prudent decision on how to proceed . $ going with the flow may not necessarily appeal to you today , libra . this is one time when you may want to be the fish swimming upstream while the school heads downstream . feel free to go your own way regardless of what others have to say about it . you may get pressured by your loved ones to act a certain way or go somewhere special . do not do these things just to please them . do what pleases you . $ it 's obvious how much you like to dream , libra . certainly , this is an important part of your existence . realize that there comes a time when you must face reality . this is one of those days when you need to bite the bullet and deal with your bills . take care of annoying errands that you 've been putting off . send the letters that have piled up on your desk for days . stop making excuses . $ it 's time to finally apply the knowledge you 've accumulated and come to recognize the truth , libra . perhaps you 've been sitting on the facts while contemplating their meaning . it 's now time to get this information out into the open . there 's no doubt that this action is likely to make waves , but that 's ok . a key theme of the day is transformation , so feel free to contribute your part . $ you may be feeling a little bit lost in the dust today , libra . somehow what you 're thinking and feeling is not exactly coordinating with the current conversation . do not think you need to agree with the group just to feel like you fit in . maintaining your own point of view is critical . you 're better off rolling with the punches rather than trying to put up a fight . $ there may be a great deal of charge in your battery today , libra , but you could be unsure about where to put all this energy . get up and do some exercise . give your body the workout it needs . remember what it 's like to sweat . you 'll feel much better about yourself afterward , and you 'll be much more likely to continue on a healthy path if you push your body to its limits . $ you may need to adjust today in order to relate well to people and situations , libra . things are a bit off kilter , and you may find that the harder you try to fit in , the more liable you are to feel like an oddball . try not to get caught up in others ' battles . maintain a balance between real life and fantasy . do not get so caught up in someone else 's world that you forget to deal with your own . $ one of the important lessons of the day for you is to remember that emotions are powerful things to recognize and honor . do not discount your feelings . in fact , it 's most important that you embrace them with your whole being . once you relax and settle into your true emotions , you 'll find that your mind clears and you can make conscious , rational decisions about whatever issues come your way . $ you could learn a tough lesson today , libra . more than likely , the harder the message hits you , the more important it was for you to hear . it 's important that you accept failure gracefully . it could be that the one who kicks you when you 're down will also be the one who helps you get up . there are strange twists to this day that you may not expect . take things in stride . $ this is not the most cheerful time , libra , because important issues are rearing their heads again and forcing you to address them . you 'd rather not , but you cannot wish them away . the time has come to deal with them once and for all . it 's especially important that you make an effort to make your home life more positive and upbeat . your loved ones look to you to set the tone . $ there 's tension in the air today , libra . even though it is not your doing , you may want to keep a low profile , especially if you need to work . try to avoid any discussions . just because someone is confrontational do not mean you have to rise to the bait . it would be better if you do not . keep to yourself and all of this will blow over by tomorrow when it will be safe to mingle again . $ today is a fantastic day to take action , libra . your eagerness to strike out for new territory is heightened by a drive to experience the unknown . take an internal journey and see what kind of wonderful things you can discover . there 's a tremendous strength inside you that do not always get to show itself . this is the perfect day to prove your courage to the world . $ cupid has fired his arrow into your heart today , libra , so snuggle up with the object of your desire . you 'll feel more sensual and romantic than usual . gourmet foods and fine wines should grace your plate tonight . realize that there may be an element of restraint that needs to get worked into the equation , but do not let this stop you from having a good time . $ you 'll find yourself working well with any group today , libra . there will be a great connection between you and the people around you . make sure you ground your relationships in something meaningful or else you could find that you 've built a whole reality out of something that do not exist . be true to yourself and try not to get fooled by anything that seems too good to be true . $ beware that creative efforts involving modern technology , such as computer graphics , recording , or film , might suffer from too many cooks . everyone has a different idea of how things should be handled . if this is your project , make sure everyone knows you 're the boss . if you have partners , discuss the situation rationally with them . do not sabotage your enterprise because of disagreements . talk it over . $ you 're in a unique position to understand all sides of the issues , libra . while this is apt to give you a tremendous advantage over those who still have their heads stuck in the sand , this knowledge also gives you a greater responsibility to others . you intuitively know what 's best , and now you must find a way to bring others around and help them see it from your perspective . $ your engine may sputter this morning as your gears begin to turn , libra . it could be that you 're working out something important in your mind that 's helping clarify your emotions . the answer you seek is probably nothing like the one you 'll find . by the time night comes , you 'll have everything figured out . all the answers you need will be right there in front of you . $ meditation , dreams , or visions could bring amazing insights your way , libra . you might find them too bizarre to believe , at least at first , but follow - up research could reveal that what you 've come up with is quite credible . keep a journal of these revelations because you might remember the gist but forget the details . they could be useful later when you pass your ideas on to others . $ frustration could tempt you to release that energy by spending a lot of money , libra . you might overindulge in food or drink or resort to impulse buying . treat yourself a little , but do not go overboard . you do not want to get an upset stomach , and you will not want to have to take unwanted items back to the store . get some exercise or throw your passion into creative pursuits . $ a female visitor who needs some sympathy could contact you today . she may want advice on some problems , libra , but she could also bring information , possibly involving new scientific or metaphysical studies that you find fascinating and that you 'll want to relate to others . this information could trigger your own insights . write down your ideas . you 'll want to remember them . $ some intense communications with a close friend or lover could reveal wonderful things about your relationship . perhaps you have more in common than you thought . maybe your fears and insecurities prove groundless . as a result , you two could grow closer and discover a new mutual sense of purpose . enjoy the positive feelings that come your way and have a great day . $ today you could decide to attend a virtual workshop or social event involving people in a spiritual , metaphysical , or intellectual field , libra . fascinating talk could lead to your own insights and revelations . you could explore ways to harness your natural healing ability , perhaps through reiki , massage , or another discipline . you 'll be preoccupied with what you learn today . $ money matters should be going well for you now , libra , so today you might decide to make a long - desired expenditure for your home . you might decide to buy furniture , do some redecorating , or even purchase a new home . land investments might also warrant some consideration . whatever you do , you 'll enjoy it . the results could make a very positive difference in your home life . enjoy . $ new ideas for your career could be on your mind , libra . you might be thinking not only about getting a new job but also entering an entirely new field . this could be a positive development , but do not be too impulsive and leap without thinking . list your options , cross out the unworkable ones , and do some research on the rest . even though you may feel some urgency , there is none . $ you may feel a bit blue due to a nagging weightiness that pins you down to reality instead of being free to fly , libra . you may act out in an effort to prove to yourself and others that you 're somehow above earthly things . get over the mental block that says being grounded is a bad thing . plant your feet firmly on terra firma . that 's how you find balance and attain your goals . $ getting through any work you have to do should not be a problem for you today , libra . even if you flag for a bit , you 're likely to get a second wind , and this will give you the drive and determination to see your projects to completion . make plans for some fun after you 're done , such as getting together with friends , if possible , or taking in an event that really intrigues you . you deserve it . $ put your ambition into action today , libra . the day 's planetary aspects should find you feeling energetic and positive , so take steps to achieve your goals . nothing will happen if you do not actively pursue them . the years can pass quickly . you do not want to be sitting in a rocker wondering what if . trust yourself and do what it takes . everything starts with that first step . $ you might need to be alone today , libra . you 're probably surrounded by people most of the time . it can be unhealthy if you cannot occasionally be alone with your thoughts and feelings . it 's critical to take care of your emotional well - being , since you have a deeply sensitive nature . with all the continuous activity around you , make time to connect with this important part of you . $ your active side may really show today , libra . while you can be extremely focused on thinking work , you can also love keeping active and enjoy physical work . when you have a project like cleaning your home , you can be quick when you put your mind to it . this is a good day to get a lot accomplished . you 'll probably enjoy it very much and bask in the satisfaction afterwards . $ are you living your dreams , libra ? are you still in touch with them ? the energy from today 's planetary aspects can lend strength and encouragement to this part of your life . take hold of the things you want most of all . ask yourself , what do i want people to say about me when i 'm gone ? get back on the road to a fulfilled life by taking steps toward your desires . $ today might be a good day to take a second shot at something that do not work out the first time , libra . falling flat on your face can damage your self - esteem and confidence , but such things are part of life , and they really do add character . by going back into the ring , you ensure that you build courage and perseverance . $ feel free to speak more loudly today , libra . you 'll find that things fall into place more easily if you speak your thoughts outwardly and directly in the presence of others . bring your internal power under your control instead of becoming a victim of the control games played by others . your sincere heart is easily manipulated , so be careful that you are not getting the short end of the stick . $ you may need a translator to get through to people today , libra . it could be hard to make decisions , but not impossible . today 's tip is to err on the side of adventure . trust that good luck will pull you through if you take risks . you may feel unappreciated . ask for help when you need it , but do not rely on others to heal you . most of this work needs to come from within . $ a friend or colleague could recommend some books that you want to read right away , libra . be sure you take breaks and rest your eyes from time to time to avoid eyestrain and headaches today . it 's also important to remember to get out and go for a walk , weather permitting . your body needs stimulation as much as your mind , and a walk will clear your head . enjoy your day . $ the formation of a new business partnership might transform your working life , libra . the benefits may not appear for a while , so do not quit your day job . nonetheless , it 's definitely worth considering . make sure you have all the facts before making any formal commitment . it 's important to be aware of every possible contingency before you start a new enterprise , especially now . $ give people the benefit of the doubt today , libra . even though you may not agree with everything going on around you , people have their reasons for the way they act and the way they are . this do not mean that you need to act in exactly the same manner . stick to your routine and do not get thrown off track by the aggressive warrior in others . $ find comfort in the people around you today , libra . try not to take things too seriously . do not feel like you need to internalize everyone else 's problems . take a step back from any situation that do not seem right to you . you may find conversation with new people to be extremely stimulating and rewarding . keep your guard up , but do not let it block you from new experiences . $ positive change rarely happens without effort . keep this in mind as transformation occurs quickly . you may feel as though you 're in the middle of a whirlpool and getting sucked deeper and deeper , unsure of where you 'll ultimately end up . this is merely the nose to the grindstone phase . trust that your efforts will ultimately be rewarded . $ someone close to you might be uncharacteristically silent today , libra . something is bothering them terribly , and they do not seem to want to talk about it . you 're willing to listen or help , but do not try to coax your friend into sharing . use your intuition to sense what 's going on and do what you can to alleviate the situation . your efforts will not go unnoticed or unappreciated . $ you 're probably good at applying your spiritual principles to the way you live , libra . you 're especially good at it today , particularly when it comes to understanding others deeply . relationships of all kinds will likely grow and improve , at least those that matter . those that do not will disappear . this is a time of great outer and inner change for you . make the most of it ! $ emotionally , you should be doing well today , libra . but when it comes to taking action , you 're apt to be indecisive . every option seems to look fantastic . you probably are not going to want to miss out on anything . the best thing for you to do is try to get a piece of everything . there are many pies to dip your fingers into . why not taste them all to see which one you like best ? $ do not take everything at face value today , libra . information you receive might not be accurate . someone could be repeating gossip or even creating it just to have something to talk about . do not take part in the discussion . since your workload is likely heavy , forego the socializing in favor of finishing the tasks in front of you . $ get to some water today and reconnect with this element , libra . like lapping waves against the shore , you may be gently changing the landscape around you with each word or action . do not underestimate your inner strength . it could be that you seem overpowered by the things going on around you , but do not let them keep you from being the person you truly are . $ friends could entice you to join them for a short day trip , perhaps to the country . this is a great day to go on such an outing if it s possible , libra . you 've probably been working hard and need to get away for a while . do not be surprised if there 's a delay , however . you or one of your friends could be waiting to talk with someone . $ today you might be fascinated with movies , music , and video . you could discover a new interest in filmmaking , sound engineering , or videography that you want to pursue . you might decide to read about these fields and apply what you learn to the movies you see and the music you hear . if you 're serious about learning these skills , this is the time to go for it . you 'll enjoy it ! $ this is a good day to follow through on projects , libra . leaving many unfinished matters in your life only creates clutter that keeps other things from entering the picture . either dismiss the project entirely or finish it and move on to something else . do not leave things hanging , including people . tell others what 's going on and you 'll be more successful in the long run . $ you should wake up feeling hopeful and optimistic about the future , libra . your self - confidence is stronger than usual , and your enthusiasm is contagious . success in joint efforts should have you glowing with satisfaction . you could even receive public acknowledgment of your efforts . today bodes well for relationships of all kinds , particularly romantic ones . celebrate your good fortune with a lover tonight ! $ you may have strange dreams and vivid premonitions today , libra . your intuition and telepathic faculties are operating at a high level . you could think of someone who later phones . there 's also a tendency to be too paranoid . do not panic if some of the messages you receive seem disturbing . check out the facts first . you 're likely to find that all is better than you thought $ misinformation might spread through your extended family or neighborhood and cause unnecessary upsets among those involved . do not accept at face value any gossip or rumor you hear today until you check it out yourself , libra . it could turn out to be a tempest in a teapot . this is not a good time to plan or take a trip of any kind . delays or mishaps could result . $ express your independence today , libra , and prove to others that you will not be pushed around anymore . do things for yourself and have fun while you do it . your heart will know which way is the right way to proceed . do not be fooled by those who try to tell you otherwise . success comes when you can initiate others into your world instead of you being seduced by theirs . $ a friend could ask for a loan and you might hesitate to give him or her the money . follow your instincts . the person probably is not too savvy about money . you might want to participate in some group activities , but do not let people take unfair advantage of you . you 're willing to serve those who need you but discriminate between those who do and do not really need your help . $ it looks as though change is on the horizon at work , libra . you 've just recently completed some long - term projects and are being recognized for your efforts . perhaps a bonus or promotion is in store . your affinity for technology and ability to quickly absorb new information makes you a prime candidate for a new position that 's just opened up . grab the chance ! $ artistic talents are greatly increased by fresh , deeply felt inspiration . today you may spend much of your time giving material form to your ideas . you 're intuitive by nature , but today your psychic gifts are operating at a high level . do not write off any insights you receive . instead , write them down . do not forget to keep paper and pen next to your bed . you 'll want to remember your ideas and dreams later . $ some disconcerting revelations about your past or the past of someone close to you could come out today . this might be a bit of a shock , libra , but it 's a positive development , nonetheless . it will shed some light on how to deal with current issues in your life or a relationship . write down your thoughts , meditate , talk to a friend , or otherwise try to make sense of it . $ an opportunity to bring in extra income might arrive today , libra , possibly through a female friend . another libra might be involved . this probably involves a special , temporary project , but it could prove enjoyable and profitable . a love partner might want to participate , too . think about it before committing . talk to people who have done this before . it 's worth a try , anyway . $ your fantasy life is especially active today , libra , so enjoy this little break into your dream world . coming back to reality may be difficult . keep tabs on your emotions so they do not get the better of you . the impressions you receive from the outside world may not be accurate today . keep your wits about you and try not to get caught up in drugs and alcohol . $ things flow well for you today , libra , so bask in any sunshine that this day offers . your intuition is especially strong , and you have an uncanny ability to pick up on other people 's feelings . your nurturing gifts are in high demand by those around you . they 'll need a sensitive shoulder to lean on . just make sure you do not lose yourself in the process . save some energy for you . $ communication is likely to be warm , informative , and companionable today , libra , and you 'll probably grow closer to those around you because of it . your inspiration and imagination flow freely , and you 're likely to want to channel much of your energy into creative projects . you may also want to phone a friend who shares your artistic interests . $ have you been thinking about changing careers , libra ? you might hear of some opportunities today , possibly through a colleague . this could be the right time to make a change . positive professional developments are indicated for you . list your options and then do some research on each one . you might be headed toward some exciting possibilities . $ the opportunity to fly somewhere might come up today , libra . career changes are in the wind , and while they might seem rather unsettling at first , they 'll be positive in the long run . this could involve a raise or promotion , transfer , new job , or even new career . do not fight it . it might be scary , but it 's a blessing in disguise . go with the flow . $ be on your toes today , libra , and expect the unexpected . people may be acting out in rash , outlandish ways , so go with the flow . as usual , you have a tremendous ability to roll with the punches and still come out unscathed . just take care that someone else is not grabbing the reins . stay laid - back while maintaining control of your actions . $ inspiration could hit today , libra . it 's a beautiful feeling , but you might not be sure how to channel it . it could represent a spiritual breakthrough , artistic inspiration , increased understanding of others , or all of the above . what 's almost certain is that you 'll want to spend time alone to take it all in and figure out how to use it . do not dismiss any possibility , however outrageous it may seem . $ is your significant other caught up in family problems and unable to spend time with you ? do not let your insecurity get the best of you . your partner needs to deal with family now . relax , do what you want to do , and have confidence that you 'll be spending more time together as soon as possible . after dealing with family quarrels , you 'll be a peaceful refuge for your partner . $ expect to receive interesting communications today , libra . you might hear from a long - lost friend and have a chance to catch up on the news . perhaps you 'll hear something about success in reaching a goal you 've been striving for these past few months . expect some interesting conversations . have a great time exchanging ideas on everything from politics to child rearing . $ your phone may seem haunted today , libra . calls might be filled with static , you could get some phantom rings , or callers may insist they tried to call when your phone never rang . there probably is not any supernatural force at work , but it might be a good idea check with your phone company . there could be problems with your equipment . $ an online prayer or meditation group could meet tonight , libra , and you may get carried away with the spiritual dimensions these meditations take on . you feel comfortable with the people in this group , and you 're grateful for the friendship and support they provide . be with this feeling tonight , and try to hang onto it for as long as you can . it can help you through some rough times . $ you 're ready for something new and different , libra . what better time than during the current transits to put into practice what has only been a dream ? you may decide to work for yourself or ditch one relationship in favor of another . you want the changes you implement to be brash and far - reaching ! if not , you may have to wait a long time to feel this energetic and optimistic again . $ a virtual class or lecture of some kind could bring you exciting new information today , libra . this could keep your mind buzzing for hours , particularly since you may also communicate with some interesting people with whom you can discuss this subject for hours . make the effort to take a walk and clear your head at some point during the day or else you might be too mentally charged up to sleep . $ happiness reigns in the home as everyone feels the energy changing , libra . it seems that the end of one cycle brings closure , and now you 're free to start a new journey of rebirth . you , above all , are apt to feel a powerful rush of intuition , which could reveal positive events coming up for you and those close to you . a few doubts may cloud your impressions , but let them go . $ a small gathering of some kind could attract you and your family tonight , libra . perhaps you will arrange to meet some friends there , if possible . you may feel good just being out with those you love , but you 're likely to be tired by the end of the event . make sure you fortify yourself with nourishing food during the day . take care of yourself so you can have some fun . $ you will probably encounter a bit of opposition along with today 's planetary energies , libra . even those who are usually right behind you will seem uncooperative . try not to let this faze you too much . resolve to follow your own instincts and work alone if need be . once you 've had a chance to advance your ideas further along on your own , you can present them again . $ do not let yourself be manipulated by needy friends , libra . with today 's planetary energies , it 's a good time to think about setting clear boundaries . you know which friends are there for you and lift you up and which ones tend to drain all your time and energy with the constant need for your immediate attention . try saying no . you cannot fix other people 's lives for them anyway . think about it . $ happiness reigns in the home right now , libra . money comes pouring in from bonuses , salary from extra hours , or gifts . you may be considering spending some of this money on either adding to or refurbishing your home . if you 're having trouble making a decision , consider consulting a decorator . there is great harmony within your family . you seem to understand each other on an intuitive level . $ today may be one of those days in which you come to a four - way stop and no one knows whose turn it is . do not sit and wait for everyone else to go first , libra . if you know it 's your turn , be bold and make your move . it would not be a bad idea to signal others that you 're going ahead . people might not be used to you taking such an aggressive role . $ this is a good time to take a stand on an issue that you may have been vacillating about lately , libra . people will lose confidence in you if you cannot seem to make up your mind . what they do not realize is that you 've been working overtime to process all the information . now it 's time to express orally what you 've discovered mentally . $ engage more of your rational mind today , libra . if your mind continues on its track into a fantasy world , you might consider enlisting the help of people who can help you bring some discipline to your situation . for you , the general feeling of the day is likely to be that the mind is willing , but the flesh is weak . let others help you get inspired to get out of lazy mode . $ the planetary energy might find you responding to a sudden sense of inspiration that arouses your creativity . you may feel an unexpected urge to write , paint , draw , or compose some music . you may want to sequester yourself , which could cause some problems with friends and family members who want to be on close contact with you . do not ignore this impetus , libra . as you know , inspiration can vanish as quickly as it comes . $ your dreams work out quite nicely in your head , libra , but the problem now is how to turn them into some sort of real - life scenario . be careful of taking too intellectual of an approach . when it comes to relationships , things do not normally happen logically or rationally . you 're going to have to leave a great deal up to chance , so just learn to deal with things as they come . $ appreciate the good things you have today , libra . do not let another day go by without really paying homage to the people who 've helped you grow along the way . take a walk . climb a tree or help a child build a tree house . connect with your spiritual side that finds satisfaction in where you are now instead of always feeling a need to search for something bigger and better . $ you may be wondering whose shoulder you should cry on , libra . usually yours is the shoulder that everyone else likes to use . the collar of your shirt is probably soaking wet by now , thanks to all the tears that have spilled on you . your compassion for others is definitely one of your biggest strengths but be aware of the fact that it can also be one of your biggest weaknesses . $ although you may find it hard to express yourself in some ways , libra , the one avenue that 's completely wide open today is art . difficult tension is laced with emotional insecurity , making it hard for you to express your feelings . if you feel that this is the case , find some other means of expressing these emotions . a large canvas and some paints will work quite nicely . $ vague aches and pains could have you feeling a little under the weather , libra . you may not be able to discern why you have these pains , since there 's no apparent reason . do not assume the worst . your condition is probably just due to a little intensified nerve strain and extra stress . take it easy and relax today . go back to your usual routine tomorrow . $ some people who share your interests could call you today . you might want to take a walk while on the phone with each other , but you will probably get into some stimulating debates . do not be surprised if you both talk at once ! new books that you will want to read could come to your attention . in the evening , stream some movies on whatever subject you 've discussed . $ a warm and loving communication could come to you today from someone close . this could be an email , call , or even a gift of some kind . this could make your day , libra , and you will probably pass whatever good feelings you draw from it to other friends and family members . take a walk around your neighborhood and say hello to whomever you meet . it will make you feel even better ! $ expect many advantageous changes to take place in your community , libra . new businesses could open their doors , interesting neighbors could move in , or some necessary repairs could finally get done . you might spend a lot of time in the car or on the phone and spreading the news . an exciting proposition may come to you or someone close to you through a letter , email , or phone call . $ this is the right moment to extricate yourself from relationships that have seen their day , libra . this will not be easy , but you must . in your professional and private lives , you 're too hesitant to get out of distasteful situations or obligations . you 're afraid of hurting people or making them mad . but in the end , you 're hurting yourself . give more weight to your own needs and follow your own path . $ an exciting rush of physical passion could hit you today when you 're introduced to an interesting new person , libra . take care not to wear it on your face . you generally do not like to reveal that much of yourself ! besides , you will not want this person to think you 're too obvious . try to stay focused and remain objective . then consider whether it 's a good idea to pursue this attraction . $ jump - start the day with a smile , libra . your generosity and sincerity will not go unnoticed on a day like this . people will probably need more attention than usual , so take the time to attend to the emotions of those you love . the key is to not let yourself get emotionally drained in the process . fill yourself up with the lively , fun - loving energy of the day . $ do not let fear of failure or fear of success hold you back , libra . even though you may feel a natural tendency to want to shrink into the background and take the easiest route , you might be sacrificing your true purpose when you do . become the leader instead of following the leader . rid yourself of all fear and take control of your destiny . $ make sure your opinion do not get lost in the frenzy of the day , libra . your words may not quite fit with the things that people want to hear . try not to take this personally . realize that this is not an indication that your words are any less important . you have an incredible gift of being able to see things that others cannot . cherish and nourish this ability instead of invalidating it . $ your best plan of attack today is to not attack at all , libra . there is enough aggressiveness out there . you do not need to add any more to the fray . let others duke it out . your job is to wait until the dust settles . try not to get involved in other people 's disputes . you might get dragged further into the situation than makes you feel comfortable . $ you will feel much better about yourself if you get things done today , libra . like a meal that tastes good but is not necessarily good for you , you might enjoy this day by being lazy , but you will not feel so good when night comes and you realize that you have not accomplished anything . use the day productively so you have a sense of fulfillment by tonight . $ this is a good time to put things in writing , libra . your gift with words is apt to shine today as you write a proposal , email , or love poem . you 're able to communicate very well when you put your sensitive emotions aside and concentrate on what you think instead of what you feel . expand your influence by focusing on those things that require a more cerebral approach . $ group activities are probably very much on your agenda today , libra . you could attend an online meeting or lecture and later participate in a group chat with a bunch of friends . do not be tempted to eat or drink too much . you 'll likely regret it tomorrow . an unexpected sum of extra money could come your way . do not spend it all in one place . this is a great day to concentrate on having fun - within limits . $ someone you 've been expecting to call might not do so today , libra , and this could worry you a little . do not be too shy to pick up the phone and call . your friend may have overslept or been too overwhelmed by work or family life . you have not been forgotten . if you phone , this person will undoubtedly be glad to hear from you . after the conversation , go for a walk in your neighborhood . $ discoveries made through occult sciences such as astrology or numerology could see you embrace some rather revolutionary ideas about yourself , the world , and life . you could become involved with a group associated with metaphysical studies or take an online class or workshop of some kind . this could mean a new direction for you in some way , libra . it might greatly enhance your life and thinking . $ your imagination is working overtime today , libra , and you might spend hours at a computer writing or in front of an easel or piano creating your own brand of painting or music . this drive to create comes from the heart and should not be ignored no matter what other issues come up . take care of whatever needs to be handled and then follow your inspiration . you may be surprised at what you produce ! $ your mind is likely to be going a thousand miles an hour today , libra . thoughts and ideas are pouring into your head like rain from the sky . some of them might be confusing and others contradictory . you might be tempted to puzzle over them until you give yourself a headache . write them down and look at them in a day or two . your ideas are more likely to make sense to you then . $ gatherings in your neighborhood could bring new and interesting information your way , libra . a message from an acquaintance could send you down a new path toward a new goal . relations with everyone around you - from your romantic partner to the most casual of acquaintances - should be warm and congenial . conversations should be stimulating . $ today you might perform some service to people who live in your neighborhood . perhaps you will chauffeur people around to do their shopping . perhaps you will help people with household tasks . pets may also need some attention . whatever it is , you will enjoy helping in whatever way is possible , and be appreciated as well . expect to have a very busy day . you will certainly sleep soundly tonight . $ a community issue may come up today concerning you and your neighbors , libra . perhaps a virtual meeting will be held . something requires change in your neighborhood , and most of you are probably firmly united behind it . this bodes well for your future , so you will probably feel good about the entire situation after the gathering breaks up . onward and upward ! $ your actions may go against your rational thinking , but this is not necessarily a bad thing , libra . thoughts and feelings are apt to aggressively clash today , but that do not mean you have to be a victim of the resulting demolition . note the big pieces that survive after the initial impact . recognize these as your strengths and work to build them back up while leaving the smaller pieces behind . $ you may feel like you 're on a cliff with your legs dangling over the edge , libra . you 're searching for handholds while your feet struggle to support you on a tiny ledge . you may be swearing that when you get out of this predicament , you will never come this way again . take heart . this is all part of the cycle . these necessary challenges only make you stronger and more appreciative of the easy stretches . $ if you 're in the market for romance , libra , whether with a new partner or rekindling the fire with a current partner , be careful . small issues could rage out control today . extreme conditions are likely to occur , thanks to your sensitive emotions combined with a surge of energy from the outside . try not to get too upset when tension rises because of something unimportant . $ your physical energy is very high today , libra . you 're likely to want to get out and exercise , perhaps jog through the park or attend a virtual aerobics class . be careful ! you might not be as fit as you think and trying too hard could cause minor injuries . someone you know professionally might not be in a great mood . you could get swept up in their anger . try to stay out of it . $ libra , the people around you sometimes have a hard time understanding where you 're going . you 're living in an imaginary world that has little to do with reality . if you decide to stay home and lie around the house , you will have no problems . if you have to go to work , try to be as clear as possible with others . if you do not , your proposals could fall on deaf ears . $ you can interpret today 's aspects in several ways , libra . the planetary configurations correspond to a search for space , whether physical or intellectual . you may be asking yourself philosophical questions , or perhaps you 're thinking of taking a long trip in the future . what will you decide to do ? will you read kant or plan your dream trip ? $ you have a good heart , libra , and today it expands to bestow love on all mankind . you cannot help but feel connected in a deep , spiritual way with all who have come before you and all who follow . even if you do not have a lot of money , consider setting up an annual giving plan that will benefit worthwhile causes . this would be a direct expression of your feelings and could potentially help many people . $ do not expect others to take much notice of your emotions today , libra . you 're more respectful of theirs than they are of yours . find peace among all you encounter . this could be difficult since other people 's wills are involved . in that case , people are not likely to back down . others think they 're right and refuse to see things any other way . $ if you have children , their difficulties may remind you of your own , libra . or it may simply be that their education brings back memories of yours . are you holding onto an issue from a period in your life that still bothers you ? this would be a good moment to ask yourself the question . ask it , then answer it and put it to rest once and for all ! $ this would be the moment to say yes to your destiny , libra . you 're a little frustrated because things have not been moving forward the way you 'd like . but now that opportunities are coming your way , you find you 're holding things up . you 're just afraid , that 's all . but rather than let your fear overtake you , turn its energy to your advantage . $ you may be worn out , libra , but you will have to push forward anyway . you 're entering a long period of work and perseverance . this definitely is not the moment to be late or balk . if you 're still in your pajamas at noon , you should be ashamed ! do what you can to wake yourself from your recent daze . it 's time to get up and get moving ! $ here 's a day that will be rather calm for you , libra . peace has replaced all your soul searching . you feel in contact with life 's daily routine , including aspects that you do not always consider like the weather , people 's expressions , or small coincidences . you seem to be floating on a cloud . you 're going to have a good deal of confidence today ! $ sensual , passionate lovemaking is definitely on the agenda of activities for tonight , libra . fun , excitement , romance , and love are all key themes likely to take precedence if you have anything to say about it - and you do . do not let someone else dictate your path for you . you know what you want , so do not say you do not care when you do . love is coming your way . learn how to grab it . $ what are you after in life , libra ? deep down , does the kind of work you do satisfy your most intimate desires ? the little problems you encounter in your professional life over the next week could be the straw that breaks the camel 's back . take a look around to see if the work you do and the people in your life take your profoundly spiritual nature into account . $ events over which you seem to have no control seem to be coming together to make things happen for you , libra . you might find this a bit frightening , but do not let it get to you . go with the flow . you 've worked hard for what 's happening today , and you deserve to enjoy the results . the exhilaration you feel could manifest as abundant physical energy . this could be too much of a good thing . do not overdo . $ your mind is full of wonderful thoughts today , libra . you might consider spending the day meditating , doing some volunteer work , or turning your inspiration into an artistic project of some kind . your intuition is especially high , so you might tune in more acutely than usual to the thoughts and feelings of others . take a few minutes during the day to be alone with your thoughts . you will probably benefit from it . $ you have an incredible imagination , libra . today is a great day to put it to use . take time to engage in creative activities and try meditation , story planning , role playing , or visualization . you have a powerful tool to unlock inner fears and inhibitions , increasing your confidence and creativity and solving life 's challenges . if this is a new idea for you , consider learning more about meditation to connect with your inner self . $ be careful not to fall prey to your own idealism today , libra . while this is one of your most admirable qualities , as it contributes to your romantic , creative nature , too much of anything can be harmful . it 's important to see things as they are , despite how much you may wish them to be different . the real world do not always go hand in hand with your ideal place . if something feels off , it probably is . trust your instincts . $ this is one of those days when the road forks in several directions and you must decide which way to go , libra . this usually is not hard . you just go with the flow . but now things are flowing in multiple directions and you need to figure out which way to go . stick with the way that seems most natural . remember that whatever choice you make will be the right one . $ within the next few days , you 're likely to gain access to dimensions of perception you never suspected , libra . perhaps you will become aware of certain energy phenomena , peak experiences , or other highly sensitive states of consciousness . do not be frightened . instead , investigate what these worlds have to offer . what you learn will help you cope with your sensitivity . $ deep inside , do not you have an urge to breathe new spirit into your love life ? of course , some things are more easily said than done . currently , you do not have much time to devote to yourself , much less your partner . affection could thrive if given half a chance . the day suggests that you commit yourself to making some decisions that will help bring you and your mate closer . $ you will be full of ideas for improving your lifestyle , libra , especially as it relates to your family . it 's true that over the past few months you 've experienced some hardships . you can breathe easier now . whether it 's for your career or home , today 's initiatives are likely to bring great rewards . take advantage of the atmosphere to put together a realistic plan for the future . $ today your mind might be on social and political issues . if you are not currently involved with groups dealing with these issues , you might consider joining one . a recent increase in income might have given you some extra time , and you may be excited about the possibilities . service to others is one , libra . consider some others , perhaps developing a creative skill , before moving ahead . $ after the events of the last few weeks , do you still want to continue acting like the same person ? this is always a good question to ask with a celestial atmosphere like today 's . people generally feel that they have a chance to get out of old systems and relationships . but people always hesitate to do this because of a fear of the future . do not waver . take the next steps ! $ in an attempt to merge with infinity , you might overlook some basic life principles , libra . be careful about being seduced by those who want you to be involved in their drama . you might willingly acquiesce at first . you may not even realize how deep a hole you 've dug until it 's too late . make sure you have not alienated everyone so that there 's still someone left to dig you out . $ mundane tasks , including errands and answering correspondence , might bore you all day , libra . you 're likely to be restless and strongly tempted to chuck it all and go somewhere to enjoy yourself . take a good look at what you 're doing and try to judge objectively how important it is to get it done now . if it is not that important , then put it aside . you probably need to relax ! $ your sensitive heart may be sparked by anger today , libra . do not be afraid of hurting other people 's feelings . you 'd be doing yourself and others a disservice by not revealing the true scope of your emotions . the other parties involved may not have all the facts necessary to make the most educated decision . aid in this process by revealing your perspective . $ your thin skin feels even thinner than usual today , libra . if you happen to witness a violent outburst in the street , at work , or on television , you suddenly become aware of your vulnerability . do not let it frighten you into hiding . as one of the few remaining guardians of the world 's dwindling reserves of kindness , you have a responsibility . $ you 're often called the cleanup crew . whether it 's the home or the unconscious , you enjoy preparing nests for all sorts of births , real and figurative . do not be surprised if you find yourself tidying up your home , throwing away useless things , clearing the desk , or catching up on mail . there are powerful forces compelling you to prepare for someone or something new and different . $ the energy is apt to pick up in your life today , libra . you may be asked to report to duty . do not make promises you cannot keep . your words will be taken seriously , and you should not mislead people into thinking that something is going to happen when you know it is not . you know how that situation will turn out . trust yourself , regardless of the circumstances . $ feel free to let it all out today , libra . it 's finally your turn to stand up and say what you feel . do not let others push you into places you do not want to be . the key is to probe deeply with your penetrating mind and share your incredible insights with others . do not be surprised if your actions cause some tension . do not let this stop you from doing what you feel is right . $ this is the right moment to extricate yourself from relationships that have seen their day , libra . this will not be easy , but you must . in your professional and private lives , you 're too hesitant to get out of distasteful situations or obligations . you 're afraid of hurting people or making them mad . but in the end , you 're hurting yourself . give more weight to your own needs and follow your own path . $ you might long for a vacation today , libra , and you could toy with the idea of a future journey by air . your mind may turn to spiritual places such as india , egypt , israel , or ireland as you wonder how it would feel to stand in the sacred places in those countries . do not just toy with the idea . you 're probably overdue for a trip that would suit your mystical nature . $ you may have been a bit indecisive lately when it comes to love and romance , libra . perhaps your mind is drawn to one person while your heart is drawn to another . perhaps you 're trying to trick your mind into seeing a certain quality in someone while you ignore parts that you do not really like . make sure you accept people for all of who they are and not just the individual parts . $ indecision may leave you helpless at a crossroads today , libra . others around you could be just as undecided regarding their direction . at the same time , you may feel pressured to take immediate action and you 're tired of waiting for others to make the first move . find answers in simple solutions . there 's more than one correct way to go . your choice is the right one if you believe it . $ you might need to spend time alone in order to reset your programming , libra . other people 's influence may be seeping into your psyche . there 's no reason to always do or say what other people dictate . your sensitivity helps you understand things about others , but it can also bring you down if you start to take on their burdens . try to counterbalance this tendency with more of your own energy . $ dress in your very best today , libra . feel free to kick up your heels and have some fun . this is a great time to communicate with friends , socialize if possible , and have a fabulous time . put your worries aside and join in some lighthearted fun and merriment . keep a smile on your face and you will find that you can walk through any door you choose . $ you will probably be perfectly in tune with the day ahead , libra . of course , it 's tempting to run away from the reality and hardships of the moment . but at other times , when you 're so compassionate and find it easy to listen , like today , life is really rewarding . people find your company soothing and pleasant , and they 're likely to thank you for it . are not days like this great ? $ do not hesitate to speak up for what is right , libra , even if it means confronting someone with power . so be it . the slightest injustice cannot be tolerated . when you voice your opinion , as you feel compelled to do , it makes others respect you . this has been a long time coming , and it does you a tremendous amount of good ! $ anger and resentment caused by past hurts could come up today , at times tempting you to burst into tears . do not fight it . just find someplace where you can be alone and let it out . this is only a symptom of personal and spiritual growth on your part . releasing the past clears the way for breakthroughs in the future . you could wake up tomorrow morning feeling like a changed person ! $ lovely dreams could spark your imagination and get your artistic abilities going . you could learn a lot about yourself and whatever has been limiting you . write down whatever comes your way so you can work with it later , but do not try to make sense of it today . wait a while and then consider everything in a more practical light . you may be surprised at the difference in you . $ an unexpected , upsetting letter or phone call might come today . this is not major bad news , libra . it 's more likely to be the irritating little setbacks that force you to go more out of your way than you 'd expected . problems might pop up with computers , cell phones , or other forms of technology . grit your teeth and do what it takes to move on . it will not help to get crazy . $ your boat is likely to be rocked today , libra , to the point where you and all of your belongings could go overboard . be prepared to swim ashore . grounding and stability are the keys to maintaining a healthy attitude , especially when it comes to ever - fluctuating emotions . issues regarding the home and people 's possessions are likely to surface in a dramatic manner . listen to your heart for the answers . $ reward yourself with two desserts today , libra . take a bubble bath . share your fantasies with others and express yourself fully . do not feel like you have to say yes to every favor that is asked of you . save some of that nurturing energy for yourself . feel free to help others in need , but do not do it at the expense of your emotional and physical bank account . $ you may be tempted to shift into high gear today , libra , but you 're likely to be unsure where to focus your energy . you may be revved up and anxious to get moving but feel lazy and unmotivated to do anything but sit back and wait for the excitement to come to you . whatever you do , do not retreat into a hole . dress up and show off your outer as well as inner beauty . $ today could be an unusual one for you emotionally , libra . your usual easygoing , adaptable nature could be ruffled by people who try to take over projects that you are perfectly qualified to do . in such situations , you would normally retire gracefully to a quiet corner , but now you spread your beautiful wings and let it be known that you should not be overlooked . $ bring your thoughts down to earth , libra , especially later tonight . you may be flip - flopping through the day like a fish out of water , but suddenly things start to fall into place at sundown . you will find that people are much more caring and sensitive to your mood later this evening . spend it at home with someone you love . ground yourself and plan for the upcoming week . $ finish whatever you do not wrap up yesterday , libra . use the morning to plan , the afternoon to execute , and the evening to relax . be conscious of time and your physical and mental limitations . bring your dreaminess down to earth and be realistic about goals . take time to put the extra coat of wax on the car or extra stitch in the fabric . that effort will serve you well in the long run . $ it may not be the easiest day to relate to others , libra , but as usual , if you just go with the flow , you will find that you can have fun . try not to get caught up in anyone else 's drama . there are likely to be soap operas playing all around you , and you would do well to steer clear of them . maintain a lighthearted attitude today and try not to read into anything too deeply . $ libra , life around you today almost seems like a ( bad ) dream . it 's almost as if people are talking , but nothing intelligible is coming out of their mouths . perhaps two people close to you are having problems getting along . you feel like stepping in and telling them to calm down and really listen to each other . days like these are when people need you the most . $ today could be a turning point for you , libra . is it possible that you 've finally learned how to say no ? you 're the one everyone asks for help . you spend so much time on other people 's problems that you have little energy left for you . this situation ultimately helps no one . put yourself first and there will be plenty of you left for others . if you 're depleted , everyone loses . $ certain very narrow - minded people may get on your nerves . you 're lucky enough to be an open , tolerant person , libra . you take people and situations just as they come . today you may find yourself in the middle of negotiations between two people with opposite views . help them open their eyes to each other 's point of view . $ your thinking is clear today , libra , and you will find that generally things are running smoothly . your perspective on everything is very much in line with where you need to be at this time . in other words , you 're doing everything exactly right . be yourself and let other people adapt to your way of thinking . there 's no need to keep hiding the truth of who you really are . $ you will find strength in your inner reserves today , libra . do not hesitate to let your deepest thoughts shine through . keep your antenna up . you will find that there 's an electricity in the air that keeps people 's emotions at peak level . follow your instincts and keep in mind that this is probably your best defense against the challenges of the day . rational thinking is overrated . $ the element of water predominates today . you will likely be aware of it by the strong tides of feeling in your household , libra . some family members may be unhappy . they may need more independence or look to you for more attention and affection . it 's hard to strike the right balance , as you will discover . do your best to satisfy everyone , making sure that your own needs do not get overlooked . $ you have tremendous creativity inside you , libra . have you begun to use some of it ? this creative cycle will last for the next month or so . do not let it pass without taking advantage of it . use the other side of your brain for a change . take up sketching , painting , or fiction writing . what you do is less important than doing something . the simple act of creation unlocks the brain . $ sink into a soft , gentle rhythm and you flow with everything around you , libra . ease your mind about any worries . your subconscious knows the way . the key today is sensitivity and intuition - your specialties . you do not need to be concerned about a thing . everything will work out fine . do not worry that you have not prepared enough . give yourself a break and relax . $ come down from the clouds today , libra . it 's important to connect with what 's going on down here . it could be that you 're missing your target because you failed to take certain details into account that are obvious to everyone else . attend to projects that require your attention . realistic planning and disciplined actions are the best activities to engage in . $ libra , you may have felt as if something has been changing in your family environment over the last few weeks . today you will find out what 's been going on . someone close to you has been going through some important changes in his or her life . you feel as if you need to be there and accompany this person on a journey of self - development . $ you 're often like a zen master who do not say anything to pupils for months , until the day the pupils begin to not believe any more and find themselves growing indifferent to the whole thing . then the master pronounces one or two phrases that are so incredibly true that no one knows what to say ! you could be that zen master today . $ the events of the day depend on your ability to put things into question today , libra . in general , you 're good at analyzing situations when things are not going well in your relationships . now someone in your family may have a problem acting responsibly . it 's up to that person to take care of things , but you could understand the message the person is trying to send other people with his or her behavior . $ other people may tend to snap under the emotional pressure of the day , libra , but you 're well suited to soar through with flying colors . you 're ruled by your emotions and you have no problem navigating rough waters . other people may look to you for strength and support . trust yourself and try not to get lured off course by conflicting opinions that do not seem to sit right with you . $ this is an excellent day for you , libra . you will find that things automatically flow your way . you will receive more attention than usual and be the center of any flattering discussions . the one difficult point might be intimate relations with others . romantic issues may take on a more serious , grounded tone at this time . $ it 's time to come up for air , libra . come out and take a deep breath . experience the lightness and rejuvenation of the energy present in the air around you . do some yoga or go for a jog to open up your channels and get your circulation moving . use this exercise to clear your mind and open your consciousness to let new ideas and dreams be born from within . $ take a look at what 's going on around you today , libra , and do some internal processing before you reach a conclusion regarding the best way to proceed . you may find that a combination of powerful forces is trying to win you over to their camp . do not pigeonhole yourself into one way of doing things . keep in mind that the best route is often a combination of several different paths . $ turn up your fantasy dial and let your imagination run wild . your intuition is strong today , libra , and you should give your emotions room to flow . work to clear the blockages that keep you from doing things you truly want to do . get your ideas on paper and manifest more of your fantasy world in reality . people may be stingy , so now is not the best time to ask for a raise or loan . $ there are opportunities open to you now whether you realize it or not . it may be hard to be aware of them today , given the astrological weather . your emotions may feel restricted and weighed down , like something is trying to tie you down . realize that this is just a message from the universe reminding you that having at least one foot on the ground is key to manifesting your dreams . $ enjoy the calm morning , libra , because things are going to get crazier and more energetic as the day goes on . emotions will run high , and people will be more opinionated than usual . a conflict may arise from which you just want to extricate yourself . realize that a more peaceful agreement will ensue if you jump in and add your two cents ' worth . $ you 're likely to feel especially friendly and outgoing today , libra . people you meet , particularly through groups , are likely to be strongly attracted to you . friendships , partnerships , and romantic relationships should continue to grow closer , enhanced by your high level of communication . in the evening , go out with those you love . your bond will be stronger for it . $ your dreams and fantasies are more real than you know , libra . smile at the people you pass and watch them smile back . your sensitive and fun - loving nature is infectious . use it to help heal others ' wounds . laughter is the remedy that cures all . be conscious of your tremendous effect on others and spread the beauty that lives inside you . $ today shows the promise of being a very busy yet fulfilling day , libra . enterprises involving corporations , churches , or other groups in your community are likely to benefit from your participation . you combine intuition with practicality in everything you do . you 're especially communicative and good at dealing with others . do not be surprised if public recognition comes your way . $ some rather disconcerting information may come to light today . this could throw you into a daze , as it is not anything that you expected . this is not necessarily bad news , libra . in fact , it might be great news , but it may be something you never expected in a million years . work through the shock and try to view it from all sides . $ you might get a lot of mixed messages from friends , relatives , and colleagues , libra . they may say one thing while you sense that they mean something else . insist on hearing how they really feel . this can prevent a lot of resentment later . new businesses could open in your neighborhood that you might want to check out . take a look - especially if it 's a new bookstore . $ a rush of activity at home is probably going to involve preparations for a journey or event . more than one visitor could arrive during the course of the day . your mind may be going in several different directions , and this could prove a bit disconcerting . try to take breaks and remain centered , libra . you will not accomplish anything if you work yourself into a panic . $ today you may take up the study of astrology , numerology , alchemy , or other occult discipline . your intellectual abilities are particularly sharp , libra , so you may want to combine them with your tendency toward mysticism . this should keep you busy for much of the day , but you need to watch out for intellectual overload . you do not want to forget what you 've learned . take notes . $ libra , making or receiving an important letter or call regarding money might be on your agenda today , but circumstances beyond your control could delay it . this could prove frustrating . take care of whatever you have to do . distract yourself if you have to sit and wait . nothing is worth stressing over . the call will come in time , so just relax . $ today your intuition should be sharper than usual , libra . you might get a few calls involving possible business opportunities . you can use this heightened esp to discern which ones might be successful . you could also hear from friends proposing participation in a group activity of some kind , which you may want to do . do not hesitate . have a great day . $ a group that shares your interest in an intellectual or spiritual discipline might meet at your home today , libra . this could be a stimulating event , especially since new members could become good friends . a lot of plans could be made , perhaps for future activities . fascinating discussions could take place . do not let the meeting run too late . you will want to unwind before bedtime . $ you 're generally intuitive , libra , but today you could be so sensitive to others that you pick up on just about everything . stay away from hospitals or police stations if you can . you might absorb everyone 's pain . it 's better to put this vibe to work spiritually or artistically . seek friends and colleagues who work with you in these departments and you should have a wonderful day . $ today you might spend a lot of time on the phone with friends , some of them seniors . your conversations will be loving , informative , and revealing , libra . as a result , you might decide to attend some group events in your community . a letter , check , or delivery that had been delayed might finally arrive . this is going to release a lot of tension , as you may have feared it had been lost . $ you 're a service - oriented person by nature , libra , and today the opportunity to spend time serving those in need could well present itself . this could be in a professional capacity or helping someone close who 's having troubles of some kind . this particular situation will not last long , but it 's likely to change your life in a positive way . do not resist . go with the flow . $ things may seem surreal today , libra , so do not take other people 's chatter too seriously . this is a day to reach out and touch someone , so pick up the phone . it 's a good day to share your dreams , no matter how farfetched they sound . others may look at you as if you have three heads , but as long as you 're being honest with yourself , there 's no reason to be shy about sharing . $ spiritual or metaphysical concepts you hear about today may seem confusing and bothersome , libra . you might go off alone to try to make sense of them , but this is not the day to do that . you will probably only confuse yourself more . think of this as a good day to collect information , not decide whether to accept any of it or not . tomorrow your mind will be clearer and more logical . $ today you may discover that you have a previously untapped talent for the occult sciences , libra . this might involve astrology , numerology , alchemy , or using oracles . a class or workshop could be involved . you tend to be intuitive by nature , and studying these fields may offer an opportunity to train that ability to a higher level of accuracy . find an expert in one of those areas . $ you consider yourself a rational person , libra . if you are not a scientist , you should be . you view life objectively and rarely let extraneous matters cloud your thinking . you 're likely to be taken aback by today 's extraordinary events . your intuition is so sharp that you can almost read people 's minds . at first you think this is just a fluke , but you may be a believer by the end of the day . $ there 's passion in the air today , libra . you can feel it . the feeling is so strong that the air almost pulsates . what are you going to do about it ? if you 're in a romantic relationship , plan an intimate evening together , free of chores and daily tasks . if you 're single , peruse your little black book and see if there are any relationships worth warming up . $ at certain moments you can feel where your destiny lies . today will be such a moment for you , libra . you may want to shift your fundamental orientation . every area of your life will be affected by this shift - where you live , who you live with , your children , and your job . interesting times lie ahead , libra . there is no doubt about that . $ too many demands placed on you by others could have you feeling used , abused , and stressed , libra . you might come close to losing your temper . that is not necessary . all you have to do is learn to say no . it might not be easy , since you tend to want to please everyone , but you have to look out for yourself . help when the request is urgent and postpone the rest . $ an enterprise you 'd long since given up on , perhaps one involving the creative arts , may suddenly come up again , this time as a real opportunity , libra . once you know it 's real , you still might have trouble believing that it 's finally happening . friends and your current love interest may accept it more readily than you do . enjoy your success and make the most of it ! $ someone who 's a little belligerent and abrasive could interrupt the flow of ideas at a class or workshop dedicated to spiritual and metaphysical concepts and values . this will not sit well with you , libra , but you are not the type to be confrontational . do not worry . let the person have his or her say , then let everyone else debate . enjoy yourself and learn from all the ideas . $ if you 've considered a career in healing , psychic , or spiritual studies or the creative arts , libra , today the opportunity to make that dream a reality could come your way . a close friend could open the door for you . your own psychic and artistic abilities should be operating at a very high level , so do not be intimidated . you 're good at what you do and are likely to remain so . $ some wonderful new developments could take place in your community , libra . you might meet some new people who move in nearby . new businesses could also arrive and give a whole new look to the area . you could spend a lot of time visiting others to learn about what 's happening . you might also consider fixing up your home , as recent success has made that possible . you will be busy all day . $ if you 've been thinking about studying astrology , libra , this is the day to do it . even if you already know the field , you might decide to branch out into a newer or more radical aspect , such as draconic or galactic astrology . you will learn more quickly and retain more of what you learn , so no matter what interests you , this is the day to put some effort into learning more about it . $ you could be introduced to a new person today libra . he or she may be someone who will play a very important role in your life at one point . you will feel an instant connection and find out you share a passion for the same kinds of things . this person could turn out to be a very good friend , and romance is also very likely . take it slowly and see what happens . $ some solid , honest communication between you and those you love is likely to clear up some confusion . roles are more clearly defined , emotional problems clarified , and chores are more fairly allotted . this is going to make a big difference in your daily life . the removal of relationship issues will guarantee that the atmosphere is more harmonious from now on . $ have you wanted to catch up on your reading , libra ? if so , this is definitely a good time to stay home , make yourself some tea , and curl up with a good book . if it 's a novel , you will enjoy it thoroughly . if it 's nonfiction , you will absorb the information quickly and retain more . if you 're into writing , you might want to apply what you learn today to your own project . $ paperwork regarding money might take up a lot of your time today , libra . this can be tedious , but it 's something that can make a very positive difference to you , and therefore needs to be handled as soon as possible . try to stay focused , and do not forget to ask for clarification when you need it . in the evening , celebrate by going out on the town with a group of friends . $ problems in your community may result from malfunctioning machines . be prepared , libra . have flashlights handy in case of a power outage , and walk instead of drive in case signals cause major traffic jams . neighbors may be going crazy , but try to stay calm . this is a temporary situation , and not worth getting all stressed over . a good piece of advice is to spend the day reading . $ a lot of letters , calls , and other communications could skyrocket you into a new and unexpected space , libra . if you 've been thinking of trying your hand at writing or speaking , this is the day to work on it . all signs indicate good fortune will come your way at this time , though it might sneak up on you and leave you a bit disconcerted . pull yourself together and go for it . $ you may be looking forward to an evening with close friends , libra , probably including a romantic partner . occasions such as sporting events , movies , or concerts could be on your agenda . activities involving children are also possible . do not be surprised if you 're inclined to sit quietly and let others do the talking . you might have a lot on your mind and need to let it stew for a while . $ today you may feel a lot more energetic after a tiring past few days . when you 're feeling good , everything 's fine . you 're feeling motivated again to get down and tackle the work that 's waiting for you . if you have time to make some calls , do not be afraid to look for new prospects , because today promises some very beneficial partnerships in your professional or even spiritual life . $ at the moment , there 's a great deal of electricity in the air , especially in your life at home . ignore those people who try to provoke you . do not get involved in conflicts that could degenerate into fights . go somewhere to be alone . reenergize by really listening to your desires , feelings , and instincts . why not spend the afternoon in a museum , for example ? $ at the moment , libra , the planets are aligned in a way that encourages communication and the written word . therefore , you may feel like taking the plunge and writing that book you 've been thinking about for a long time . it will probably be a great success . you 're very gifted when it comes to this kind of creative activity . go for it and stop making excuses ! $ an older person you 're very fond of could visit or call and ask for your advice on practical matters . clear and logical thinking enhances your intuition , libra , and you might be able to put this ability to work not only for your friend but also for yourself . your own interests will be advanced today in some way , so expect a good day . $ opportunities to do well - paying creative work could come to your attention today , libra , perhaps online . you will probably like it , as it may give you freedom . whether you actually want to try it or not depends on your situation . you might want to get some chores done around the house today in order to leave free time tomorrow for whatever you want to do . something exciting might happen . $ wear the striped shirt and polka - dot pants today , libra . the more you clash with the outside world the better . you may feel wildly out of place at first , but you will begin to see the beauty , importance , and respect you hold by standing out from the crowd . this attitude change will do you good . you may see a whole new way of living . $ overall , this should be a pretty good day for you , libra , as long as you do not get overly sensitive about certain things . your awareness is bound to be extra sharp today , so use this ability to stay alert and open to what 's going on around you . perhaps you 're feeling a bit restless when it comes to matters of the heart . this is telling you to stop fidgeting and take action . $ you 're probably excited about a forthcoming journey , libra , but you may be unclear about the arrangements . do not let this situation persist or your trip might not work out the way you hope . get in touch with people who know what 's what and get as much information as you can . then you will know it all before you get on that plane . $ your warm , sensitive nature is perfectly suited to today 's aspects , libra . your emotional energy is strongly tied to your heart , and you will find that there 's a longing to be close to others . indulge in conversation with close friends and let your imagination run wild . your creativity is especially piqued today , so start an art project or write a song that inspires or perhaps changes the world . $ emotions could be running high , libra . someone in your entourage may have a problem with an authority figure and political issues could come up . you 're likely to feel especially powerful now , and so you might be tempted to throw your hat in the ring . it 's better to stay out of anything political and channel that power and passion into your own project . that 's likelier to bring positive results . $ today you might need to run some errands , libra , but they might prove difficult for a number of reasons . the errands could be personal or business related . communication may be temporarily blocked . messages may not be delivered or you could be playing phone tag . on days like this , you need to make a special effort to keep cool . nothing is so important that you have to drive yourself crazy . $ a visitor who needs a little sympathy could visit you today . your friend probably wants some advice about some problems . he or she could also bring information involving new scientific or metaphysical studies that you find fascinating . this information could trigger your own insights . write down your ideas . you will want to remember them . $ some intense , revealing communications with a close friend or lover could reveal wonderful new things about your relationship . perhaps you have more in common than you thought . perhaps fears prove groundless . as a result , libra , the two of you could grow closer and discover a new mutual sense of purpose . enjoy the positive feelings , and have a great day together . $ something is tugging you back down to reality , libra . your mind has tended to be in the clouds lately , but now you need to ground your emotions and realize that you operate on a physical plane , too . your emotions are stable for now , affording you a chance to step back and evaluate how you 've been treating yourself . make sure you give yourself the attention you deserve . $ artistic activities or those involving healing are enhanced today , libra . whatever you try is going to be more a part of your very being than it would be at other times . love , art , psychic or spiritual activities - all should take on a new meaning for you at this time . this condition should last for a long time . make the most of this energy now and your skills should continue to grow . $ the urge to stay in and rearrange your furniture might hit you today , libra . you may want to clean out the shelves in your kitchen , add some new knickknacks , or rearrange your books into specific classifications . this may be a lot of work , but it will also be a lot of fun . get other members of the household to help and turn it into a party . $ fanaticism or obsessive thinking may be something you need to look at today , libra . common areas for such behaviors are in the pursuit of money , power , success , and romance . there 's a fine line between ambition and obsession . if you find that you think of nothing else but one fixation , it may be time to talk with someone about it . he or she may see what you do not want to see . $ libra , do not be fooled by others who are not straight with you . if you do not know the person well , trust your instincts . you tend to care for others , so it can be easy for you to feel sorry for someone and be inclined to help . make sure that the person you help really deserves it and is telling you the whole story . taking this extra time can save you problems later . $ chances are good that you will receive a helping hand or comfort from someone many years your senior who cares about you , libra . do not hesitate to ask for their thoughts , ideas , and assistance . they will probably enjoy being able to do this for you and be glad that you 've approached them . be open and accept the love and support that 's offered . $ your active side may show through today , libra . while you can be extremely focused on brain work , you also love to keep active and do physical work . when you have a project like cleaning your home , you can be very fast and efficient when you want to . this is a good day to get a lot accomplished . run around doing this and that . you will probably enjoy it very much and feel very satisfied afterward . $ are you living your dreams , libra ? are you still in touch with them ? the energy from today 's planetary aspects can lend strength and encouragement to this part of your life . seize the opportunity to take hold of the things that you want most of all . ask yourself what you want people to say about you after you 're gone . get back on track to a fulfilled life by taking steps toward your desires . $ today may be an excellent time to take a second shot at something that do not work out the first time , libra . falling flat on your face can damage your confidence and self - esteem . but failure and rejection are parts of life , and they really do add character . by going back into the ring , you ensure that the character you 're adding to is courageous , and through perseverance , successful . $ the results of the recent planetary influence are coming home to roost , libra . if everything went according to plan , you gained some insight into your ego . buddhist wise men say that the path to spiritual fulfillment lies in knowing how to build a healthy ego while developing a part of oneself completely foreign to the ego . are you working hard at this ? $ good news involving a small , extra sum of money could come today , libra . you might receive a check in the mail . take a friend out to lunch . you will both have fun . afterward , you may want to blow the rest of the money on something frivolous , but do not go that far . think about one or more items you want and concentrate on those . $ the events of the day might leave you feeling a bit confused and bewildered , libra . perhaps you 're feeling like you are not getting the attention you feel you deserve . you may wonder why the one thing you want the most may be the one thing you cannot have . you have more than you think you do . no one wants to be with someone who 's moping and depressed . let your internal light shine brightly . $ recent events in the love and romance department may have you feeling like you are not getting your needs met , libra . remember that other people are not mind readers the way you are . if someone 's behavior is not right with you , say so . romantic partnerships should uplift and support your dreams , not something you make personal sacrifices for just to maintain . $ today you might toy with the idea of doing some renovation on your home , perhaps for your enjoyment , but primarily to increase its value , libra . decorating , landscaping , or both might be on the agenda . a number of possibilities could present themselves , and you will probably spend much time giving each some serious consideration . in the end , you will probably choose the most beautiful ! $ you might have intense dreams and visions tonight that could be almost prophetic , libra . these premonitions could be personal , but they 're apt to be more worldly , such as political events or something in the life of a celebrity you admire . what you sense should be positive , so there are no warnings involved . write them down so you can verify them later . you might be surprised ! $ the universe is encouraging you to listen today , libra . this is not a day for polemic speeches . it is not a day to try to win others over to your point of view . really listen to what your friends , loved ones , colleagues , and neighbors say with all of your attention and empathy . you will strengthen your bonds with everyone and may be surprised at what you learn . $ it is not a good idea to blame your troubles on others , libra . the only one that you really have to blame is you . you will find that your mind is active today and that it might send you around in circles unless you make a conscious effort to slow it down and get it going on the right path . deal with the facts of the situation instead of the emotions that may arise from it . $ treat yourself to something special , libra , whether a gourmet meal , new outfit , or latest gadget . today is your day and you should not deprive yourself of anything . there 's a remarkable synchronicity of events that will lead you to exactly the right place at the right time . there 's a special warmth and sensitivity in the air that will put your mind and emotions at ease . $ some rather bizarre news could come to you today about metaphysical or paranormal matters , libra . this is not anything that affects you directly , but more likely concerns discoveries of anomalies . you and others could find it fascinating and discuss it for hours . do not be surprised if the theories that come up seem even more bizarre than what you heard in the first place ! $ your day could be worrisome and stressful , libra . your workload may be especially heavy and you could be putting in some long hours . relations with others might also be a bit tense . ease the stress by playing music and take frequent breaks . have a good meal at lunchtime and then take a walk . things are likely to be a lot more laid back tomorrow ! $ you may feel a strong urge to run away from it all , libra , but where would you go ? the restlessness you feel may be in response to all the pressures on you now . social demands , work requirements , and the needs of family may be pulling you to the breaking point . you can turn off your phone for the day . pull down the blinds , cuddle up with a good book , and pretend that you 're all alone . $ dreams should shed light on some difficult issues you 've been trying to resolve , libra . you can finally make the problems disappear . this should be more than a relief to you - it 's a blessing ! your friends might want to take you out to celebrate , but you will probably want to sit home and enjoy your newfound contentment . pour some wine , put on some favorite music , and relax ! you 've earned it ! $ today you could surprise a close friend or lover with a gift , libra . there may be no special occasion . you may have seen something in the store that you knew he or she would like or mentioned wanting . you are not doing this for the sake of appreciation . all the same , you will receive it . do not play down your own kindness . just say thanks and smile . $ a recent windfall or good news regarding money could turn your thoughts to home renovation and decorating . you might do some painting or add decorative touches to the house . even if you do not have a fortune to spend , fresh flowers , plants , and pillows or area rugs can perk up a room . you might even shop for some new furniture . have fun with your projects today , libra ! $ learning is apt to be your primary concern today , libra , probably metaphysics , philosophy , history , or some other division of the humanities . you might spend a lot of time in libraries or bookstores or perhaps attend a lecture or workshop . discussions are likely to follow , and the exchange of ideas will prove stimulating . take copious notes and enjoy your day . $ minor changes in your money situation could make for a beautiful day , libra . perhaps you discover a bank error in your favor , get repaid for a loan , or receive a generous gift . whichever it is , it 's likely to make it possible for you to make a purchase you 've been thinking you had to postpone for a while . enjoy your good fortune and make the most of it ! $ friends who have been traveling or live far away could bring some interesting news your way that has not yet broken in your area , libra . this might make you curious to do some research on the subject . take everything you hear with a grain of salt until you determine the facts for yourself . things can get garbled in translation when you hear things second or third hand . $ past issues may rear their ugly heads today , libra . no , it is not pretty . in fact , it 's frustrating to have to deal with this problem again . you will be well served to spend time meditating . you need to address these issues once and for all or they will continue to haunt you . you 're fortunate to have such close friends who will support you through this difficult process . $ it 's strange how past incidents can still cause such pain in the present . today you may feel overwhelmed by memories of a particularly traumatic incident . no one is more surprised than you by your reaction . you felt sure you 'd addressed this issue and put it behind you . apparently there 's still work to be done , libra . $ today represents the start of a period of endings and new beginnings in your career , libra . you might be leaving an old job for a new one or advancing to a new position with your current employer . new technology may play a part in this transition or new knowledge that you 've recently acquired , or both . a possible drawback is that stress may affect your energy . pace yourself . $ the development of a talent that you 've neglected could have surprising results , libra . you could find that it 's just what you need in order to expand your horizons and catapult you into whatever situation you want to be in . this could lead to an increased income . you 're changing inside , and these changes are mostly positive . they may also be reflected in your outer life . $ this is an exciting day for you , libra . you can accomplish quite a bit . your intuition is especially acute and your sensitivity is strong . computers might irritate you today . it 's possible to get all worked up if your laptop crashes . save your work often . keep in mind that it 's just a machine . do not let it get the better of you . $ the gas is on , libra . one spark can cause an explosive fireball . there 's a tremendous amount of potential energy to the day just waiting to be unleashed . know what you 're getting into before you light that match . the effects of your actions will ripple for some time . that said , go ahead and set the situation on fire . perhaps there 's an issue brewing that can no longer be ignored . $ others ' attitudes toward you may seem to be changing . you may not be sure what this means . the fact is , libra , you 're changing , and some of your friends may like what you 're becoming and others may feel less comfortable . you cannot stop what 's happening . it 's going to be a very positive process in the long run . it just may be difficult now . bear with your friends and yourself . $ today you may want to spend your free time alone , contemplating various ideas , libra . spiritual or metaphysical philosophies from ancient cultures or foreign lands might be more appealing than usual . reading about them at this time could approach obsession , but this is ok . whatever you learn today is likely to contribute greatly to your personal growth and perhaps self - expression . $ this is a fantastic day , libra . elements of your life seem to be falling into place . you 're in a period when you 're beginning new cycles of love and mental activity . these beginning points are highlighted . you should think about how you want to be remembered in the future . your heart and mind are working harmoniously , so take advantage of this to lay down some plans . $ if things are not going smoothly in a romantic relationship , be careful about blaming yourself , libra . a partnership means that two people work together equally . if this is not the case , let your partner know how you feel . while the passion may run high between you , the real glue that will hold you together is sincerity , sensitivity , and mutual understanding . $ you may be acting unconsciously , libra . suddenly you 're halfway through a task and wondering what you really hoped to accomplish by starting it in the first place . be more conscious of your energy and how you use it . make sure you do not shoot yourself in the foot by wasting your precious resources on things that do not really matter in the long run . $ information received today excites your imagination and encourages you to start a new artistic or creative project , libra . stories , pictures , abstract concepts - all could come together in your mind and form an inspired idea that could change your life . gird your loins , write down your thoughts , and see where it all takes you . you might be surprised by what you produce ! $ do not get too caught up in the emotional side of life today , libra . keep things light and keep them moving . a rolling stone gathers no moss . unfortunately , you may have quite a bit of that green stuff growing on you now . get up and get moving . one little bit of effort will send you off and running . do not hesitate . you 're ready to take the plunge . $ every day is a new start and new chance , libra . do not get upset or angry over past events . do not dwell on things you cannot change . your whole life can turn around in a day , so start every morning with a positive outlook . as you wash your face in the morning , think of it as a renewal . clean off the debris from yesterday while welcoming the freshness of a new day . $ a long - awaited and very welcome call from an older friend might finally come your way today , libra . news that a goal you 've been working toward has finally been reached could come as well . you 're optimistic about the future . the ambition that has served you well in the past will continue to do so . you will probably entertain some visitors . it will mean work , but you will have a great time . $ today a bubble of confusion clouds your reality , making it difficult to decide what to do next , libra . be careful that you do not tie your stomach in knots from the tension created by your mental confusion . problems with indigestion are likely now because of your worries over what your next step should be . relax and go with the flow . things will work out fine . $ be careful of letting your heart get carried away today , libra . extreme emotions are likely , making you very aware of your environment and what other people are thinking about you . you may want to retreat to the forest and seek council with the fairies and trolls . fantasy is a terrific way to escape the emotional intensity that 's likely to be in the air on a day like this . $ today your spiritual and career goals may come together , libra , enabling you to make a living without compromising your ideals . new opportunities may come your way to make new friends with people who share your beliefs and interests . you might reflect nostalgically on the past and yet look to the future with great optimism . good luck ! $ you may feel indecisive today , libra , especially in the morning . other people 's actions may confuse you . do not worry . concentrate on your projects and goals . other people can take care of themselves . do not feel like you need to make sure everyone is attended to before you start your day . in fact , you may be the one who needs to be cared for by others . ask for a shoulder to lean on if you need it . $ add a bit of spark to your day , libra . get yourself into gear . it might feel like there 's a great deal of anticipation in the air , but do not get ahead of yourself . enjoy the day you 've been given , and make sure you use every minute to its fullest potential . small annoyances may turn into large headaches unless you maintain an honest mind and neutral standpoint . $ your head may be going in a thousand different directions today , libra . you may not have much time to stop and think about your next move . things will come up suddenly and you will need to be able to react quickly . the faster you move , the less time you will have to react . for this reason , you may want to consider a side route where things are flowing a bit more slowly . $ social invitations or opportunities to participate in group activities should come your way for a few weeks , libra . your phone could ring off the hook . relations with others should be warm , friendly , and congenial , so any sort of get - together you schedule or attend today should go well and be informative . in the evening , plan a romantic encounter with the special person in your life . $ emotional reunions with friends or relatives you have not seen in a long time could take place today , libra . some of these might be unplanned and off the wall . you might meet your sixth - grade teacher at the mall , increasing the feeling of warmth and happiness that you 've been enjoying lately . an evening spent relaxing at home with loved ones increases your sense of security . $ although things may be going well for you at work , libra , it 's probably taking a physical and emotional toll on you . you may suffer from mild stress - related conditions like headaches . it might be time for a vacation . even if you 're unable to get away in the near future , just thinking about and planning a trip can help . plan to go to a place where you know you will feel relaxed and have fun ! $ you may have heard a juicy story about a friend lately and be just dying to share it with your entourage , libra . be careful with this impulse ! the party in question would not appreciate hearing about what you 're doing . you could unnecessarily harm someone 's reputation . think about how you would feel if the show was on the other foot ! $ career matters may be put on hold for a few days , libra , but your professional future probably will not be far from your thoughts , even in the midst of time spent with family and friends . you want to improve your financial situation , and a number of possibilities have come up . do not mull them over too much now . you do not want to neglect your loved ones . relax and enjoy their company today . $ you have a keen intellect and unparalleled persuasive powers , libra . if you are not an attorney , you should be . all signs indicate that your career is about to skyrocket . career and financial success are pretty much guaranteed with today 's planetary configuration . if you have a mate to share this good fortune with , consider yourself doubly blessed . $ an unethical acquaintance could be spreading unfounded rumors . do not take anything you hear today at face value , libra . get all the facts before drawing conclusions . equipment being installed or acting up adds to the confusion . if the situation were not so frustrating , it would be comical . take deep breaths throughout the day . tomorrow things will be on a more even keel . $ you may reminisce today , libra . perhaps you 're thinking about friends and family who live far away . you could feel a bit nostalgic , not to mention blue , thinking about times long past . consider making some phone calls to counteract these feelings . if you cannot connect with a particular person , spend a little time looking through a photo album to bring him or her closer to you . $ expect to receive some great news today , libra . answer your phone and check email all day , because you never know when it will come . indications suggest that success in all aspects of your life is coming . you may complete a project to acclaim or submit a report that 's accepted without question . these small successes boost your self - confidence , which brings more success . it 's a powerful cycle . $ telepathic messages you get from a friend or relative could seem confused and garbled , libra . this might bother you , especially if the person is normally practical and rational . we all have bad days . try to observe their behavior and see if there are any warning signs of inner or outer crisis . if not , you may have to just let them be . you cannot force another to ask for assistance . $ you usually do not mind being alone , libra . in fact , you enjoy your own company . tonight you 're going to crave companionship . you could have an impromptu party in your kitchen , perhaps involving friends who are also business associates . some fascinating conversations could take place about business and intellectual matters , as well as some deeper subjects that keep you thinking for hours or days . $ it may be best if you stay out of the line of fire , libra . do not get into others ' battles . by choosing sides , you create enemies . use your compassion to soothe the situation . use your caring nature to put out the fire . do not get sucked into the flames where you may add to the confusion . your job is to stand aside . you can care about the outcome without throwing yourself in headfirst . $ there 's great opportunity for romance today , libra . love the people you 're with , but do not smother them . the more you loosen your grip on a situation , the more you will gain control of it . cutting chains to the past is the first step in moving forward toward a goal . you might not realize how much a past situation holds you back until you make the effort to release it . $ today is a terrific day to let your sensitive , caring nature shine through fully , libra . surprise someone with roses and a candlelit dinner . take care of the amenities like music and wine . it 's also an excellent time to go shopping for yourself or others . let romance lead the way . your inner core will be fueled by your sensual relations with others . $ for dreams to be actualized , they must have a vehicle through which they can manifest , libra . today is a day to help bring those dreams to life . use the incredible grounding force to simultaneously expand your mind and bring it down to earth in a realistic manner . combine ancient wisdom with practical planning to help set a powerful wave in motion for the future . you have all the tools you need . $ working at home could be difficult today , especially if you 're finalizing a business deal , libra . other household members will be coming and going , slamming doors , asking questions , bringing their friends in . if you 're doing household chores , forget it for now and return to it when it 's quieter . if you 're approaching a deadline , close the door and tell others to leave you alone for a while . $ this will be a great day to meditate , libra . you may be a bit dissatisfied with yourself because your various projects have yet to take form . you 're impatient , but who would not be ? this waiting period has lasted for about two months , but will soon end . the planets ask you to consider only what is essential . do not allow yourself to start new projects based on anything superfluous . $ are you certain that you cannot modify your current situation , libra ? are you a prisoner of a lifestyle that is not of your own making or that may be a throwback from the past ? people have been asking you to take on too many responsibilities and this is what weighs you down . do not be afraid to be alone and distance yourself from these situations . learn to say no and make your own life ! $ some unusual dreams could have unexpected side effects , libra . they could spark new ideas for creative projects or possible innovative concepts to advance your career or social life . they might clue you in to what 's in the hearts and minds of those closest to you . your dreams might say a lot about you . write them down so you can analyze them . you might be surprised by what they bring to mind . $ some intense communication could take place today between you and a love partner , possibly about your future together , libra . it 's likely to lead to some positive developments in your life , possibly including a move to the next level of commitment . if you are not involved now , a friend could introduce you to someone new , perhaps at a social gathering . look your best throughout the day ! $ a family member could be experiencing business difficulties , libra . your sensitivity could cause you to feel their anxieties , too . you might want to make it clear to this person that you 're there for him or her , but you also need to be objective about the situation . protect yourself psychically , perhaps by surrounding yourself with white light . it will not help your relative if you 're stressed . $ you have a creative soul , libra , and today it 's working overtime . you cannot stop all sorts of imaginative ideas . even if you 've never written fiction , today you will have many clever ideas for stories and screenplays . jot them down because they are not likely to stay in your head for long . refer to them later when you have some time to capture their essence more fully . $ you need to give yourself more credit , libra . when you set your mind to something , no matter how ambitious , you usually accomplish it . remind yourself of this today , as you may feel bogged down and overwhelmed by obligations at work and home . pay attention to your finances . all signs indicate that you may have inadvertently let a bill or other obligation slip through the cracks . $ your imagination should fly high today , libra . whether you 're into writing , music , or dance , make the most of your creative inspiration . if you do not , your ideas may vanish as soon as they appear . if you 're too busy , at least make time to jot down your insights and any possibilities for developing them . then you will have a record you can return to at a future date . $ it 's time to show other people that you have backbone , libra . it could be that up until now very few people have noticed , since you 're so flexible and adaptable to change . you easily wriggle your way downstream , and as a result , people may think they can control you . prove to them that this is not the case by setting your own agenda and sticking to it . $ the feeling that someone is coming to visit you might be with you throughout the day , libra . your intuition is probably right , except for one thing - it 's probably more than one person ! some friends may have some good news that they want to share as soon as possible . straighten up the house and pretend to be surprised when they come to the door . have a great evening ! $ if you 've been planning to spend a day meditating , libra , this is the day to do it . you 're in an elevated frame of mind , not in a space to focus on mundane matters . artistic inspiration could come to you now . any kind of exercise should get the endorphins flowing . but do not expect to get any practical work done . you 're definitely out of this world . $ confusion may reign today as you try to glean some information that seems to be totally elusive , libra . are you researching a project ? are some of the facts obscure ? for now , it might be better to work on something else and go back to your research in a few days . to keep at it now might involve you in a lot of work for negligible results . $ you have many talents , libra . today 's astral energy indicates that your abilities will be rewarded . congratulations ! you 've certainly worked long and hard to achieve your goals . why not make plans to celebrate ? call some friends or your partner for an impromptu get - together . you can meet at the local bistro and bask in the happy energy of success . the first round of drinks is on you ! $ you have a persuasive nature , libra . take care that you do not come on too strong today . you may try to rally support for a favored cause of yours . by all means , spread the word , but let others come to you if they 're interested . you tend to beat people over the head about doing the right thing . do not pressure anyone . if just a few people help , at least they will be truly committed . $ consider composing a bit of poetry today , libra . use this as an exercise to condense your ocean of emotions into a very few words . you might find that a great deal of your inner turmoil really boils down to just one or two central things . let your written words express this as succinctly as possible . $ you may receive a letter or phone call that spurs you into action , libra . you might realize how close you are to reaching a long - term goal , and harness your energy for that final push to the finish line . now that the goal is in sight , you 're already thinking about what your next one will be . ever onward is your motto . $ you look especially attractive today , libra , and it 's doing wonders for your self - esteem . even members of your household notice . but you probably feel more like staying in than going out . if you want a romantic partner to notice how you look , it might be a good idea to extend an invitation to visit your home . you will get to stay in and still be admired by the one you love the most ! $ it 's likely a hidden talent of yours is revealed today , libra . all those scraps of writing could turn into something more concrete , such as a novel . maybe you begin to dabble with your children 's paint set and realize how much you enjoy the creative process . be open to all possibilities . you may find your life takes a different , more authentic direction . $ what is your dream , libra ? answer that question as specifically as possible today , then set about attaining that goal . all signs indicate that whatever you begin today will pay off big time . even though you may feel that your dreams are too ambitious , there 's no need to feel overwhelmed . vow to take things one step at a time . keep in mind the old adage , once begun is half done . $ you may not be very precise . your motto seems to be everything is relative . however , paying attention to details do not necessarily mean that you lose sight of the fundamentals . your friends could tell you that . if you 're an artist , you might make an effort today to be clearer in your expression and a little more down to earth . $ your thoughts are leaning toward the past , libra . you are not moving backward , but you may want to get in touch with your roots in order to move into the future . you would also like to better understand of the mistakes of the past . you 're going to be something of a psychoanalyst today . $ you 're naturally a kind , compassionate person , libra . today your feelings are likely to be focused not only on those close to you but also on all the world 's population . a feeling of unity with the billions you 've never met could overwhelm you now . you might want to write down your impressions so you can refer to them later . you might otherwise forget it all . $ some news that comes to you from a friend or colleague could shake you up today , libra . you might find that what you learn casts doubts on concepts you 've embraced for most of your life . this could confuse you . do not feel threatened . everyone has to recreate some values from time to time . think about it when you 're more relaxed and you might find it is not so radical after all . $ if you have children , their difficulties may remind you of your own , libra . or their education brings back memories of your own . have you held onto any issues from that period that still bother you today ? this would be a good time to ask yourself that question . the answer could benefit your loved ones dramatically . $ a moment will come when you can no longer fight against the current transformation you 're going through in your professional life , libra . the system that you live in will soon put you at a kind of impasse , but this will not necessarily be unpleasant . however , you will be obliged to change paths whether you like it or not . you will probably want to ! $ you 're definitely going to appreciate the harmony today , libra . after the confrontational mood of the past several days , it looks as though you will be able to rest a bit . if you feel somewhat weary , it 's for good reason . today provides a good opportunity to rid yourself of the burdens people are trying to make you carry . $ this is a day for doubts , for asking those hard questions that you need to answer . if you like to meditate , libra , think about spending a little more time at it today . you could learn a lot about yourself . you will see the whole palette of human emotion in other people , from joy to disappointment . where do you fit in ? $ you have a strange and wonderful day ahead , libra . once you 've finished your work , you may want to either draw or write something that will help you remember today for a long time . you 're beginning to see the results of recent changes in you , and you 're looking for a way to express them . it may be difficult to find just the right words . but are not you a natural - born writer ? $ this is not a good day to go out , libra . traffic is probably awful . do not trust any gossip that comes your way ! it 's probably passed through at least half a dozen people and retains little , if any , of the facts . someone might be passing along rumors for their own reasons , so believe nothing you hear without checking it out . $ today you might decide to put in some extra hours on the job or take on an extra project of some sort in order to bring in a little more money . since you 're feeling strong and energetic enough to move mountains , libra , you need to take care not to overwork yourself . work hard and earn your money , but pace yourself . try to get a little exercise before going to bed . $ strong intuition concerning ways to generate extra income might pop into your head all day . some of them may seem off the wall , but do not let that stop you . look into the possibilities . they might not be that outrageous . this is definitely a day to move your interests forward , libra . you have the energy and motivation to do wonders . make the most of today ! $ it will be hard to deal with emotional issues that arise . a strong misleading force is feeding the illusion that things are fine when they really are not . stop pretending that everything is going well , libra . the sooner you face the truth , the sooner it will stop plaguing you . confront the deception directly . $ you may be in a difficult position , libra . you want to explode into a new way of life yet feel stuck . perhaps you feel chained to your current routine . you may feel like you 're indeed making progress in the world , but you long for a giant release - like a trap door opening - that allows you to make a leap into the great beyond . this door is always open . $ get into the spotlight where you belong instead of letting someone else take credit for something you did , libra . do not be shy about strutting your stuff . you may usually turn away from people who act this way because they seem shallow and self - centered . realize that you 're more sensitive . be proud of who you are . $ social events or group activities may prove draining today , as a lot of people might want to take advantage of your talents . your kind , accommodating nature might cause you to try to make everyone happy , libra , but this is not realistic . you might stress yourself to the point of not caring what gets done . be discriminating about what you commit to doing . $ the forecast is wonderful today , libra . you may have been asking yourself a thousand questions about what will become of you , especially in terms of your career . it 's as though all your experience so far no longer make sense . the positive aspect of that observation will energize you today . live for the moment , be in the present , and know that anything is possible in the future . $ people seem fussy about your way of doing things today , libra . try as you might , it seems there 's no pleasing the authorities . you , one of the world 's great escape artists , would be well advised to choose this opportunity to do a vanishing act . however , if the financial health of your home is at stake , it would be better to stay and face the music . $ your intuition is likely to be operating at a very high level today , libra . this is not a good day to be around sick or depressed people . you will probably pick up their gloom and it could possibly spoil your day . this is a good day to finish old projects that you may have postponed . your insights and ingenuity are likelier than usual to give you the motivation you need . $ you must not expect to do whatever you like today , libra . quite the contrary ! you may be restrained by technical limitations . perhaps your financial resources will be insufficient . in other words , you will not be able to follow your usual pattern of taking refuge on a spiritual island and quietly contemplating your inner thoughts . $ are you hesitating , libra ? do you feel caught between the desire to participate fully in the world and the equally strong desire to remain in your dream world , even at the risk of feeling a little out of it ? who says that these two worlds are incompatible ? if you look closely , you will see that you do not need to choose one or the other . $ a new wind is blowing in your relationships , libra , and you probably will not be too sorry about it ! the planets are lining up to signal new beginnings . you will be able to take advantage of your recent reflections and test your new self - image . you likely will not be disappointed by the results . be happy . you have every reason to be ! $ your level of artistic inspiration is high today , libra . dreams or meditation may bring up some spiritual insights and revelations , and you may promptly forget them upon coming out of your dream or meditative state . this could prove frustrating ! try writing them down even if you only remember snatches . this can help bring them to the surface again . you will want a record of them anyway . $ romantic passion might motivate you to work on improving your appearance , libra . you might decide to exercise , change your diet , and experiment with new clothing styles . you 're likely to produce the results you want . with the energy and enthusiasm churning within you today , you might surprise yourself with this task or anything else you do . $ people are apt to be quite emotional when it comes to the image they wish to project today , libra . be careful where you step . it 's your job to see through the trendy makeup and fashion that hide the true personalities of the people who insist on wearing these masks . the key is to not be fooled by those who hide behind a facade built by society . $ how irritating to realize that those pesky problems from the past have not been resolved , libra ! today you will have the strength and awareness to put these problems to rest simply by talking about them . ironically , the reproaches made by your partner are what spark the change in attitude that you need . $ you may be hit with some extreme circumstances that cause you to feel uneasy about continuing along your path , libra . use this jolt as a reminder that nothing is set in stone . an element of the unexpected can always creep up on you . deep down , you probably had a feeling that this difficult situation was bound to happen eventually . $ try not to be impatient today , libra . this could be one day in which you feel restless , and everything seems to take much longer than you 'd like . try your best to go with the flow . do not get so wrapped up in making sure things happen by a certain time . quality is more important than speed , and a peaceful mind is more efficient and productive than a stressed one . $ why do you find relationships difficult , libra ? you know interactions with others help you learn and grow . this is the case for everyone . but for you , especially , relationships are important because they help keep you grounded . too often you dream about reality rather than confront it . today 's aspects are going to insist that you make a greater effort with the people closest to you . $ you 're the liquid that takes the shape of its container , libra . even though this may seem like the most non - confrontational way to do things , you may find that it 's actually a cause of great frustration for you and others . people may be annoyed that you 're always following someone else 's lead instead of taking the initiative . try to be more assertive while continuing to be easygoing . $ if a problem comes your way today , libra , look for the simplest solution . not every problem is complicated . often the most obvious answer is the best one . try to keep your emotions out of problems that require calculation and thought . they can obscure the view and keep you from seeing what 's right in front of you . draw strength from your common sense . rule things out by process of elimination . $ you may be at a high point right now and feeling very excited about things to come , libra . you probably anticipate but have only a vague notion of what 's just over the horizon . you may have a strong desire to rise high so you can see farther . in fact , you probably think that any place is better than your current spot . have confidence in your future . it looks extremely bright . $ are you certain you cannot modify your current situation , libra ? are you a prisoner of a lifestyle that is not of your own making or is a throwback to the past ? people have been asking you to take on too many responsibilities and this is weighing you down . do not be afraid to distance yourself from these situations . learn to say no . $ your emotions may be playing tricks on you , libra . you may find it hard to deal with reality . take the day to relax and unwind . do not worry about the details . concentrate more on your general state of mind . things will go smoothly when you focus on radiating positive energy to others . do not worry so much about the consequences . focus more on the process . $ you discover a great sense of belonging , with today 's celestial energy . you may have been in the process of developing ties of affection between you , but somehow you both see something in each other that really clicks , and experience the feeling of finally being where you should be , after a long time of searching . you both know that whatever happens , you are in it for the long haul . $ the current planetary energy brings with it the chance to fantasize and romanticize to your heart 's content . if you have a permanent partner , then you may feel like spending time trying some of your favorite ideas out - just for fun . if you are looking for a relationship in which you can have some fun , then you will need to act subtle and mysterious . go for it ! $ today 's interplay of planetary energies means that you have the chance to win your true love over to your way of thinking , chiefly through the use of food . if you can come up with the meal of their dreams , you are definitely onto a winning method , and they will never forget this awesome experience . you may well get the offer you have been waiting for almost immediately . $ if you want your love to change from its current boring and predictable status into a lively and passionate affair , then you had better look to yourself to do something about it . the current astral environment means that you will have to take action , and either initiate a conversation or make a few wise choices in order to get the relationship of your dreams . be bold . $ today 's planetary energy could prove a surprise . your latest relationship may take a strange and bizarre twist , which you would not have been able to anticipate in anyway whatsoever . if you have been feeling down at heart or restricted by circumstances beyond your control , then a certain event could prove to be quite liberating in more ways than one . this could be the release you have been seeking ! $ do not worry if you do not feel like going out and being active . the astral energy indicates that it may be time to relax and take it easy . you and your loved one may have been through quite a time recently , and it would be far better today to slow down and take things a little easy . just enjoy being together without doing anything much . $ today 's aspect could indicate that you are of two minds about a person with whom you have been thinking of forming a relationship , simply because they bring out some very strange reactions in you . on the one hand , you see them as a source of amusement , and on the other , you find them at times extremely irritating . only you can decide if it 's worth it . $ you may be feeling slightly more tongue - tied than usual , with the current aspect at play , but do not let it stop you from letting your partner know about the deepening sense of commitment that you wish to bring to the relationship . this needs some talking through if you are seriously considering making the arrangement become more permanent . do not allow yourselves to be too pessimistic ; otherwise you may not go ahead . $ although you often prefer to eat when you feel gloomy , it may be better to arrange for an evening of fun and entertainment . the current astral energy indicates that if you are looking for love , you may meet someone with the right potential in a social setting , if possible . but nothing will happen if you stay at home and watch television . $ you need water in order to germinate and grow seeds , and you also need love in order for relationships to blossom and develop . the current celestial energy encourages you to share your deeper feelings with someone special , so that the bond you have nurtured will turn into something truly wonderful . it is so easy to forget to do this , but so necessary . $ sometimes loving another is easy and fun , and at other times it takes more effort , especially when they are not on their best behavior . the current planetary alignment brings you to the realization that despite going through recent difficulties , you still love the person you are with very deeply and will always do so . no matter what happens , the profundity of feeling remains intact . $ a few surprising facts may come to light , especially under the influence of today 's astral configuration . these may alter your perception of what is possible within a certain close relationship , or perhaps a potentially romantic one . there is every chance that this could direct your thoughts along far more positive lines and help you to see how you can improve matters . go with the flow . $ the current planetary alignment encourages you to break your habitual patterns , especially where your romantic relationships are concerned . if you have both developed a set routine , whereby you do the same things on the same nights , and do similar chores day in and day out , then you may find this is disrupted , unless you take steps yourself to end your routinely boring response to life . $ do not worry if you feel the urge to say a few things to a loved one , but do not know whether to go ahead or not . the current astral energy implies that emotions are running quite high at the moment , and certain matters are being brought naturally to a head . if you can talk without losing your cool , then this may be helpful . otherwise it could be better to wait . $ today 's astral energy brings with it a chance to cheer up your sweetheart , especially if they have been feeling rather down lately . there is no need to go over the top but try to arrange an to watch a lighthearted movie , or make a meal for a few friends , if possible , in which they can relax and be able to laugh . they will feel much better and restored to their normal good - natured selves . $ laughter is a wonderful way to smooth over problems and difficulties , especially with today 's astral energy . there is a lot of real magic about today , so take advantage of this to do something special . talk about all the positive things that you feel about each other , and the love that you share . if you have been through a rough patch , forgive and forget . start afresh ! $ if you feel that you are going to have to make the best of a bad job as far as a certain conversation goes , then you may be in for a surprise . the planetary energies may indicate that the whole thing could be more formal than you imagined , but that do not mean you cannot enjoy yourself . just relax and you 'll be surprised at what fun you can have . $ if you are talking to a lot of different people , then you could be surprised at hearing from someone very unexpectedly . the astral alignment implies that someone you have not seen for quite a while may just decide they would like to reinstate the relationship . whatever happens , you could find that you cannot hide the intensity of the emotion that you feel , even with all that make - up . $ the current astral energy is perfect for enjoying a great night out with someone special if that s possible . if they like dressing up as much as you do , then you can have a lot of fun together choosing what you will wear and what accessories go with your outfits . this is one occasion where you choose your clothes and then decide where best to show them off virtually if that s the only way . $ you do not generally like to question things too closely in case you notice a flaw that could mar a seemingly perfect situation . however , the current astral configuration may cause you to have some thoughts about your latest relationship , and whether it is actually good for you or not . if you are beginning to notice cracks in the wallpaper , there is no point in covering them up . $ today 's interplay of planetary energies could give you a shock , but this will have a positive outcome . you do tend to procrastinate , and this can cause you more problems than you really need . somewhere along the line you have been putting off a vital decision concerning your love life . but after today 's events , you will definitely want to hurry things along . $ the current planetary configuration indicates you finally feel in a strong enough position , emotionally , to want to make a firmer commitment to someone special . but you will need to be honest about your deeper feelings and what you envisage happening between you in the future . because you tend to shy away from too much intensity , and prefer to dwell on lighter subjects , you may give the wrong impression . $ you may have a unique love experience , with a today 's intense astral energies . if you are able to get together with other people , then make sure to invite those whom you find fascinating and would like to get to know more intimately . one person in particular may prove too fascinating to pass by . you will certainly want to discover some of their secrets . $ all kinds of social occasions will be very successful , with the current astral energies at play . romance is promising but not very passionate , which is actually no problem for you , as you prefer to take things lightly until you are sure that you are making the right decision . someone you meet will have all the qualities you admire , and you have plenty of time to get to know them . $ there could be rumbles of discontent today , with the current planetary alignment . if you are involved in a permanent relationship , then there may be some disagreement about what you both feel you can achieve regarding a certain situation . the problem lies in thinking you have more energy and resources than are actually available . you need to take a long hard look at what is possible and focus on this . $ the current planetary alignment does not really create the perfect energy for a first meeting . there are strong possibilities that in some way or another you will manage to rub each other the wrong way . this do not have to be so if you can manage not to rock the boat , yet even you like to ruffle feathers if you are feeling especially wicked . do not overdo it ! $ there is romance , and there is romance , and it is the more dubious kind that you need to be aware of with the current aspect at play . if someone tries to flatter you and get you into a frame of mind to accept certain suggestions about becoming involved with them , then do not allow yourself to be led down this road unless you are sure it is something you want as well . $ today 's astral configuration is the perfect cosmic influence for a wonderful romantic evening with a loved one , if possible . if you have been waiting for the opportunity to spend a little time with them after a particularly busy spell , then this is the right time to do so . make a wonderful meal , stay in and be cozy and just enjoy each other 's company . $ the current aspect may take some of the subtlety out of romance today , especially as the person you have recently become involved with is not only very strong - willed , but also determined to have things go according to their way of thinking . you will need to show that you can be just as determined by discussing how you see things and making sure they understand your point . $ doing something spontaneous this evening could prove to be an eye - opener in more ways than you can imagine . the current aspect breaks down a barrier that has existed between you and someone else with whom you secretly feel a powerful connection . perhaps because of this you have been hesitant to speak to them ; but an accident of fate means you have no choice . thank goodness . $ romance is very much a matter of humor , especially with the current astral energy . although you are more concerned with image and looks than with making others laugh , it is your particular approach to life that seems to have someone really gorgeous in stitches . you obviously have a lot to share and discover about each other - and looking on the bright side helps a lot . good times lie ahead . $ you can have a really good time with today 's interplay of astral energies . you would especially enjoy taking your loved one out for a meal , if possible , and going somewhere really exclusive in the process . the only slight problem you may encounter is that of excess . there may be more than the usual amount of temptation around , so it may be advisable to restrict your intake , just a little . $ although you are endlessly curious about your sweetest love , you are also quite critical at times , and this blend of needing to know , then picking apart what you manage to find out may not be the best way to conduct your relationship right now . the alignment of the planets indicates that this may be making them feel very insecure . it is better to drop your attack mode . $ you may feel more inclined to give in to the whims of your partner , with today 's alignment of the planets . you would like to feel that you are doing your utmost to meet their needs and to provide a warm and secure base for them to come home to . you may also be particularly keen to do things together , and to feel that you are both working as part of a team . $ the configuration of the planets may encourage you to share some of your fantasies with your sweetest heart . you can make this a real occasion , and purchase all your favorite foods of love , which form a very large part of many of your ideal scenarios . add to this some wonderful aromatic oils for the bath , plus plenty of candles and champagne , and who could ask for more ? $ the astral configuration brings a light touch to your love life , especially if you and your partner have been sticking to the same old routine , and forgetting that life is to be lived , if you should ever want to experiment with it . if you do decide to change your attitude and go out somewhere you have never been before , you may be amazed at what you find out . $ today 's alignment of the planets may mean you are not quite sure how to approach a certain subject , even though it ought , theoretically , to be a pleasure to talk about . you feel in your heart that your new lover is quite passionate about you , and yet they may not have actually said so . you get the sense that they are not being honest , even though they exhibit adoration for you . $ the current planetary configuration may mean that for once in the history of your current relationship , you cannot bear to repeat yesterday 's routine , again today . if the thought of such a boring existence stretching on into the future makes you feel a little disturbed , then you need to get in touch with your deeper needs and desires and reconnect with those things that truly fulfill you . $ today 's astral energy may encourage you to revolutionize your current relationship status by changing certain factors about yourself that leave you less than satisfied . something inspires you to a vision of how it could be , if only you would be willing to make a few adjustments to your looks and your personality . do not wait for things to come to you ; go about creating the love you want . $ you may find that your partner involves you in many tasks , with today 's alignment of the planets . there is plenty going on right now that may concern a certain project that suddenly springs into life after a time of inactivity . but you may also find your friend 's approach to be rather irritating , as in your eyes , they may seem to be trying to run before they can walk . $ you may not be sure whether to trust your feelings concerning a certain person and their attitude toward you . the astral configuration indicates that the situation today could seem to change from moment to moment , leaving you even more confused than ever , especially so , as you thrive on security . you may need to let them know how difficult you find this kind of situation . $ the surprise event could happen whilst making your mark in a social setting or standing out in a crowd , if possible . perhaps you are giving a virtual speech or hosting a small party in your home . you feel the need to be free of your usual constraints and will wish to put caution aside . whether you are already in a relationship or not , something is about to click with a certain someone . $ with today 's planetary energy , you may feel that a certain decision is in the offing in the romance department and know that it cannot be put off any longer . it is something you have been mulling over for some time , and the various events that happened over this past year all contributed to it . all you have to do now is make the right choice , then carry on with the rest of your life . $ the waves of the ocean do not necessarily need to be at your doorstep to put you in that romantic mood today . you could feel just as tenderly in love swishing plates around in the kitchen sink . if you are looking for a new relationship , be careful that you do not get carried into the clouds by wine , music , and fantasy . you may well end up crashing down to earth . $ news can travel fast , sometimes by way of a piece of gossip , or from a reliable source . what you never can be sure of is just how much the message has been changed in its passage from person to person . today a piece of news concerning an individual toward whom you have romantic inclinations may seem wildly exaggerated . best check it first - hand , before you get wild about them . $ although you have a strong and grounded viewpoint , even you can get a little rattled when you are faced with the kind of dilemma you will have on your plate today . it needs some careful handling , and more than a little diplomacy . you are capable of this but do need to watch out for your stubborn attitude that can put a block on any progress . try and be flexible . $ sometimes you have to take the path out of the sunlight and through a shady patch . you may feel as though there is a cloud hanging over you , or that lightning is about to strike , and you have no place to run for shelter . but the truth is that this is an emotional storm , and though uncomfortable , it will clear the air so the sun can shine again . $ you will find that your usual attitude of wanting everything your way may reach new extremes today . if you are involved in a one - on - one relationship , you need to watch that you are not dictating all the terms of the relationship , allowing your partner little freedom of movement . although you may think you can trust yourself , it is better to play it safe , and not even take the risk . $ life moves at a furious pace today , keeping you fully occupied . this is especially true where that special person in your life is concerned . you may not have thought much about where you are going together , but you could discover that some constructive talking , backed by real action , takes you to a new understanding of the role each of you plays in the other 's life . you may be delightfully surprised . $ it may take two to tango , but it just takes one of the pair to make a real mess of the whole dance , because they just lack skill or because they are determined to make a mess of it . today you may find that either you or your loved one has been sabotaging an area of your life together , perhaps unknowingly . you need to acknowledge this and move forward . $ often it is the little things that make us get on each other 's nerves . we manage to cope with the big things very well . what you may need to watch for today is that you do not let a certain habit or defensive attitude get in the way of seeing your beloved as a person who is really seeking to be cherished . open the door and let in more love . $ some days bring a momentous task with them , and this could be one of them . you may have been holding a grudge against your current lover . you now feel the need to change your perspective and your attitude , not to mention your problem of being a little possessive . it 's no wonder that your partner gave you a hard time ; you may have dished it out first . $ whoever said that life was boring must have been joking . if your current relationship is truly boring and going nowhere , be ready for a shock . today 's celestial energy will make you suddenly see your lover in a new light before the day is over . you may never have realized that they had this side to them , and you could even fall in love all over again . $ life has had a slightly unrealistic touch about it lately . this could be intensified today . poetry and the whispering of sweet nothings may be all very well , but perhaps you find it a little impractical , with no bearing on real passion . whilst there may be a lack of earthiness , a visit to the stars nevertheless brings a delight of its own . $ there is the tendency to preach to your partner today about issues that may need sorting out . today 's aspect at play means that there is a great deal of zeal involved , and you may feel the need to have your partner agree with you on these matters . this probably will not work , however , because nobody likes to be forced into a corner . allow them freedom to think for themselves . $ sometimes in life , no matter how you try to achieve an objective , the tried and trusted methods favored by many just do not work . with today 's celestial energy , your romantic life needs a little lift from a higher dimension to recreate the passion . romantic settings are in , so really go for soothing and calming colors , with a hint of red . make use of candles , flowers , and essential oils . $ there is an extra special feeling around today which is emphasized by the celestial alignment . this reveals that friendships , and also those relationships that have not quite reached the partnership stage , but may be slowly edging in this direction , are treading a fine and quite delicious line . how far you step over this is entirely up to you . at least you will have the chance to deepen significant connections . $ excitement , unpredictability , uncertainty are all words that spring to mind concerning today 's planetary energy . you may not know where a certain relationship is going , but whilst you 're getting there , you will not be bored . between the walls of the office environment and at home , you begin a conversation that has no appearance of ending in any sort of hurry - and could indeed continue for quite some time . $ romantically a few things need changing today . with the current planetary alignment , there is a certain secret that may be forming a barrier between you and your loved one and stopping the relationship from moving forward on as positive a footing as possible . understandably , you feel a little apprehensive about spilling the beans , but the transformation that results will be well worth the initial discomfort . $ there is a chance to talk issues through in a powerful way today . the celestial configuration means that words seem to come easily . there is also a little punch to them , so if you are thinking of telling someone exactly how you feel , your utterances will be laced with passion . if there is something you need to discuss , this is the best time to do so . $ do not expect an ordinary day in terms of partners and relationships . anything , literally anything , could happen with today 's aspect at play . if you have wanted to tell someone how you feel , you will have the chance to deepen your bond , not just a little , but an awful lot in a relatively short period of time . you will feel as though you have always known them . $ there is a very sweet and gentle energy in the air today that has the ability to make you feel very wanted and needed . it is more down - to - earth and will help literally ground the relationship . it is a wonderful day just to be together and share everything , whether it is food , talk , music , an outing , or just the idea of doing nothing in particular . $ there may be some complications today concerning close personal relationships . you may feel that you just cannot quite get through to someone important . the celestial alignment indicates that you may be slightly fearful of approaching someone concerning an important subject . if you can overcome your fear , you have a good chance of bridging the gap . $ the planetary alignment is bringing certain issues up to the forefront of your mind . you have a good chance of moving out of limiting circumstances if you can access what you really want out of the current situation with an important person . it seems that they are cramping your style , but you also need to see the part that you have played in this so far . $ there is a strong urge to break out of all kinds of molds and restrictions today , due to the celestial configuration . revolution is most definitely in the air , and this applies to your relationships , as well . you may feel like displaying an aspect of your personality that you have not revealed before . it is a time to shake off any situations that are holding you back . you simply will not tolerate them . $ the day 's celestial configuration provides a great opportunity to shine a little light on a murky situation , and also to come to some kind of agreement about a few things that might have been troubling you recently . you can give your loved one a sense of security by making a fuss over them , taking them out to dinner , and just generally making them feel good . $ this is not a day you would consider to be romantic in the normal sense of the word . the planetary alignment means that you will tend to spend a lot of time discussing the finer points of what it means when one of you does this and the other does that . you may go into past memories or present situations with a fine - tooth comb hoping to find the answer . in the end , it is all irrelevant . who cares anyway - tomorrow neither of you will . $ this is the kind of day when it is easy to fly off the handle . the planetary aspect indicates that it is difficult to be patient concerning things that are bothering you , especially if they concern someone close to you . the other side of the coin indicates , however , that if you do need to say something difficult , you can summon hidden powers and resources today . you have a choice . $ the day 's planetary configuration can bring you to an interesting and thought - provoking turning point in your life . you need to use the cosmic energy to give yourself a second chance . if you felt the need to come to a place where you can make changes , this is your chance . it is no good beating around the bush , you would be better off getting to the heart of the matter . $ the current celestial configuration makes the difference between a day when things merely tick along , and a day when time flies by because good things are happening . there is a great need to get certain issues understood and accepted . specific issues need to be chewed over - but in such a way that the things that surface really help you move forward with a positive philosophy . $ the planetary aspect that is forming may encourage you to be you more extravagant than you can actually afford . there is only so much in your pocket , and you may feel so trusting in the generosity of the universe to bring all you need that you want to take the special person in your life out for a really good meal . just be sure you really do have the funds . $ there is a need to reach out today to your partner . the planetary aspect indicates that you may not feel like doing so but making the effort will really help you both to understand each other a little better . no matter what the reason for the estrangement , being open , rather than closed off , will be the better response , even though this is often the more difficult road to follow . $ are you entertaining your loved one at home today ? if not , then do think about it , if possible . today 's planetary aspect indicates you have every chance of making a major breakthrough in your relationship . but do not hang back . if you are at all backward in coming forward , then your evening may just be mediocre . if you are honest , open and up - front , you could experience an unforgettable time . $ there is quite an intense energy in the air . the day 's planetary configuration indicates that the subtle fantasies you may be entertaining concerning someone close , or whom you would like to become close to , may have a profound effect upon you today . an idea may stir you into action , and no matter what the reality of the situation may be , you decide to make a significant move . $ you have a chance to deepen your relationship in a wonderful way today . the current celestial aspect indicates that you can take the time to let someone you care about know how you feel . allow your relationship to fall into an easy pace , one that you are both comfortable with . this will enable you to really get to know each other at a more personal level . $ today has all the ingredients of a high romance movie . there is passion , adventure , and the chance to go to places you have never been before , even if only in your imagination . you pose the only obstacle , as you battle the instability of your local environment . if all of this seems daunting , then stay in and watch it on tv , instead of experiencing the dizzying extremes of life firsthand . $ if you are considering purchasing anything with your partner , whether furniture or an investment , then this could be a lucky day , especially if the item you need is connected with your home in some way . you will be able to spot that amazing bargain and will also have opportunities to find real treasures . whether at an online sale or auction , you will be very pleased with what you have bought . $ you are willing to take some risks today as far as love is concerned and are open to a little passionate adventure . the day 's celestial configuration brings the devil out in you , and you are prepared to say yes to a promising relationship that you may have held back from for fear of being hurt . others may be astounded at your boldness , but for once you do not care . $ the desire to relate and be in harmony with each other is very powerful today . you may find that the conflict that rears its head is essentially nudging you both in a direction whereby you draw even closer together . the developments that take place are there to allow a decision to come into focus . a pleasant change is on the way . $ you are very capable of intensity , but you often tend to hide behind apparent nonchalance and an easy come , easy go attitude . today though , it may be better to allow your passion to show . you may miss a great chance if you idly watch it go by . make a demonstration of how you feel , and you will be pleased with the result . $ you may be very popular today , with a little help from the planets . but maybe your partner is urging you to do way too much chatting when you would rather be doing something useful . perhaps the answer to your romantic dilemma is to communicate your feelings by showing how much you care , rather than talking about it . this could get you the result you are after . $ the world revolves around words and ideas , and without them nothing much would happen . today you have some ideas about that special person in your life , but do not know if they are true or not . the only way to find out is to ask , although even this can be misleading . try and get to the root of what is bothering you . $ this is one occasion when love may make you overreact because you will not be expecting what you get on your plate today . anything could happen . someone from the past may turn up having changed dramatically , enough in itself to give you a shock . you get a second shock when they tell you they want you back - but just stay cool . $ are you wondering why your love life feels awry ? it could be a certain attitude from which your relationship is hanging , as though off a cliff . something from the past may be haunting you , stopping your present from evolving . it may need a little quiet contemplation to get the right perspective - but it will be very much worth it . $ the blend of practical and idyllic infuses your world . today may bring a past lover into your life . they may remember the many romantic times you spent together and still be wishing to explore the possibility of renewing the relationship . you have more practical thoughts , and whilst this may be a pleasant idea , in reality it may not work . $ today there is an opportunity to use your voice exactly for the purpose it was made - seduction . you have a chance to eat dinner with your sugar honey alone , make sure it s very romantic . then , using the power of intimate conversation , you can bring about the kind of changes and transformations in the relationship you have long wished for . $ if you are considering starting a new relationship in secret , then you may be aided by the stars in your enterprise . it seems that the person you have in mind has their own reasons for wanting things to be kept under wraps . there is a sense , though , of danger , of doing something where you could be caught . but right now , you are enjoying this side of things . $ romance is not very subtle today . there are none of those sultry looks that usually accompany a pair of pouting lips . romantic partners want to know where they stand , and once they find out , there could be no stopping them . the best you can do is join in and be just as openly passionate as your lover is prepared to be . $ a subject in which you are both interested may inspire a romantic liaison . although spending a night indoors with a pile of books may not sound like the ideal way to get further acquainted , you would be surprised at just how much you will uncover . do not let anyone tell you that reading is boring , as you will find out tonight . $ today may find you attracted to the presence of an authority figure , either at work , or in some other area of your life . although there may be some kind of conflict involved in actually getting together , it is this that makes the whole idea so exciting . it may be worth a shot and will be all the more rewarding when you do eventually meet . $ there may be a lot to talk about , but for some reason not much is actually being said . this is a day that highlights all that is unspoken between you . you both have something to say to each other about the way you feel , but neither of you are willing to get the conversation going . all it needs is for you to take the first step - it will really be worth it . $ you may come across some rather odd and lonesome souls out on the loose . today you have every chance of sitting next to one of them on that long train or plane journey you intend to make . perhaps what you do not bargain for was the possibility of falling in love . if you think you cannot cope , then stay home . $ there is a happy event connected with your relationship today , which may bring a big smile to your face . your partner is feeling a little bolder than usual and may actually conjure up the nerve to ask you something of grave importance . you could very well die of shock . but joking apart , you already know what the answer is . $ conversations today hold the key to a potentially romantic encounter . however , there is a little conflict involved ; possibly issues on which you hold opposing views . but do not let that stop you from continuing your discussion at a later date . you will get to appreciate each other 's wonderful qualities even if you cannot always agree on absolutely everything . $ today you will feel a sense of strength and solidarity in your relationship with your partner . whatever has happened between you in the past , you now feel that you have developed a very close and secure bond that very little can shatter . perhaps it is a good time to go and celebrate this sharing a candlelit dinner . $ it seems that there could some surprises in store for you today . romantically , you may interact with someone from the past at work , where you least expect it . this may be quite a shock , but if you can rally yourself , you may be in for yet another surprise , as you discover they are about to come back into your life in a big way . $ you may feel a little more needy and possessive than usual . this may not be a problem if you can talk to your lover and discuss the reasons why you may be feeling this way . if you try to tough it out and ignore this , you may end up making it worse . just state your case and release your emotions . $ today reveals the lighter side of your relationship . it is time for you both to get out and enjoy yourselves whilst temporarily putting aside all your cares and troubles . if you are looking for romance , then you may find it while exploring a new place . wherever the atmosphere is joyful and lighthearted , you may potentially meet that special person . $ the atmosphere of the day makes everyone a lot more easygoing . this includes your loved one , who is the epitome of sweetness and light right now . if you cannot quite believe your eyes at this sudden and astonishing transformation , you can at least take advantage of it . go ahead and ask for anything you like ; there is a very strong chance you 'll get it . $ things are weird today , particularly your nearest and dearest , whom you are sure comes from another planet . it has nothing to do with looks , just something you cannot put your finger on - or perhaps you can . whilst massaging their back , feel around for a possible space that indicates they run on rechargeable batteries . then you 'll know for sure : you 've been dating an android . $ you might have to do some exercise today . although your usual regimen may consist of going between the fridge and the couch , today you will need to use your mouth for more than eating . in order to get into full swing , you may need to warm up and practice love talk . do not panic - the cat is quite willing to stand in for now . $ your approach to love is slow and measured , as you do not like to hurry into things that may take more than a little effort . the planetary aspect of the day indicates that you have a chance to conquer that special person with a mixture of seductively sensuous techniques , like wearing all the right clothes and a subtly alluring scent . but do not leave it too long , as time could be running out . $ your partner may be anxious to whisk you away somewhere exotic . the current planetary configuration enables you both to plan a future getaway but do make sure you make it an adventure . you will not appreciate simply lying by a pool , sipping cocktails , and getting sunburnt . you need to listen to the call of the wild in your soul , and do something about it , preferably together . $ the energy of the day encourages you to go that little bit further and be just a bit more daring . get off that couch , put down that baked potato , and figure out what you can do about the person you have been drooling over for weeks . today you have the willpower on tap , so you just need to pick up the phone and start dialing . it 's so easy ! $ if your loved one seems to be acting a little strangely , do not take it to heart . today your sweetie may just need space to putter around with their weird hobbies , and will be back later , after they have satisfied their more peculiar tastes . you , too , may have some unique talents , so why not give them a whirl while you have the chance ? $ you may have had enough of pursuing a certain person , as they seem to ignore your every attempt at decent conversation . the energy of the day may encourage you to take them to one side , sit them down , and confront them with the issue of how you really feel about them . while this may seem a last resort , you may be surprised at how much they appreciate your determination . $ there is a touch of competition between you and your loved one today . one of you may feel that you are giving more in the relationship than the other , and set out to prove so , even if in a lighthearted way . the truth probably is that you both give equally to each other but are not giving credit where it is due . $ this is a day that encourages some serious conversation between you and your partner . if you have important decisions to make , then do not go burying your head in the sand , but look these issues directly in the face and work to get past them . they may not be particularly difficult , but the effort does need to be made in order to make everything run more smoothly . $ today may bring grace to your current relationship . even if it has not all been going according to plan recently , try forgetting about the more unruly side of your day - to - day lives together , and for once focus on the dreams for the future that you do share . if you can go some way toward working on these , you will feel a sense of achievement . $ you may be intrigued by the behavior of your latest romantic partner . the energy of the day indicates that on the one hand they may swear eternal allegiance to you , and then in the next breath say they need some space and are going out with their friends . although this is not your style - you prefer stability and dependability - it is probably a passing phase , so do not worry . $ the planetary aspect may mean that romance seems rather dead today . the wonderful person you met only yesterday already bores you to death , and besides that , you have so little in common . you need a fresh outlook and somewhere different to go to find the love you have been seeking . you have been gathering cobwebs and need a breakthrough . it will come soon enough ! $ the planets may bring you some leeway . you can be partially passionate or completely passionate , but you cannot avoid some kind of deep bonding from taking place . it may be to someone from the past , or someone who resembles a friend , but you will find this hard to resist , so do not even try . you actually have more in common than is first apparent . $ this is a day when you could potentially meet up with the kind of person whom you have often dreamt would enter your life , yet never dared hope for . if chance should bring you together , you will find this lover extremely passionate , deeply romantic , and full of feeling and tenderness . they will certainly always let you know how much they care . $ the energy emanating from the planets brings the devil out in your partner today . whatever their normal behavior pattern , they seem determined to be the life and soul of the party . so perhaps for their sake , you had better arrange an outing in which a wider audience can appreciate their comic talents , if possible . later you can have the last and best laugh together , which will really be fun ! $ you may be ready to decide to make a deeper commitment where your closest relationship is concerned . you have reached to a stage , which may have taken days or even years , where you both know you want to be together on a permanent basis . it just needs one of you to broach the subject , and after some discussion , for both of you to make it a reality . $ you may experience a feeling of unreality . it is a day to focus on atmosphere , to tune into the fine and subtle feelings that you have for each other that bind you together in an almost mystical bond . this is not about anything earthy ; rather it concerns a kind of sensuality that goes beyond the body and the five senses , into the heavenly realm . $ you will begin to experience a sense of relief as someone finally comes out of the closet in terms of how they feel . within the work environment , you may have put their strange behavior down to a number of things , but not to the fact that they were trying to hide their emotions . they now feel they can cope with the consequences of admitting the truth . $ if your loved one seems to be on some weird head trip today , then you can either sit tight in a similar head space , and spend the rest of the day brooding , or you can do something more positive . this may involve communicating , not from a hurt , defensive , or apparently indifferent attitude , but from a genuine need to understand what is going on . $ if you have found yourself under pressure , and are still surrounded by demands , then take some time out to plan a get - away with your latest love . you may need to keep this an absolute secret though , as others may try to persuade you that their problems are more important than your peace of mind . give you and your loved one a break . $ if you have been thinking of making more of a commitment to your loved one , then this could be a great day for making the announcement public . it is also a time when others will want to join in the celebration and congratulate you , so make sure you share it with everyone . there is a natural harmony around that is very fortuitous . $ you may feel drawn to an older person today . perhaps you have admired the dignity that growing older brings with it and feel you could benefit . or perhaps the whole question of age has become a big issue in your life at the moment . whatever the scenario , remember it is not the number of years , but whether one is still willing to learn that counts . $ people will be brought together in very strange ways today . if you have been looking for romance , then expect to be surprised , as you may encounter someone who has been very fond of you for some time . even though you may not agree on everything , the differences between you make a delightful contrast , and you will find that they enhance rather than detract from the relationship . $ there could be a little controversy in your day , but the possibilities of true communication are also enhanced . you and your loved one may find it hard to agree on anything today . it may mean that you both have to change hardening attitudes before you can have that proper conversation . but if you can attempt this you will really notice some remarkable differences , and fairly quickly at that . $ the astral energy of the day can have several different effects . in your case , if you are dating someone for the first time , then the romantic atmosphere will tend to bring out all of your secret fantasies . you will melt under sparkling candlelight and feel as though your partner is the most amazing person in the whole world . however , do not get too carried away ; wait before you give your heart away completely . $ a certain very productive conversation today may bring you even closer to someone you deeply admire . you will have a chance to use your powers of persuasion to convince them that you are just the person they have always been looking for , and only just found . after this you can rely on the rest of your charms to really get the ball rolling . $ romance is bold and outspoken today , and you have no time for someone who is procrastinating about a decision . the current astral aspect indicates that you want to understand the state of play concerning a person to whom you would like to get closer , yet you are not prepared to wait forever to find out . however , if you get too impatient , you may never know , and could even lose them . $ you may find that you make quite an impact at the office today . you are feeling extremely well disposed toward the human race and have a smile for everyone . if you are having a platonic relationship with someone you would like to know more intimately , then use this increase in confidence to make your intentions more obvious . $ the planetary alignment may contribute to your feeling somewhat confused , and also a little lethargic . things appear to shift and change so much that it is hard to keep track of events , especially where your love life is concerned . do not get involved in any hasty action today . be patient and wait while the thread of your life quietly unravels to reveal your true path . $ the day 's celestial aspect means you can totally and utterly indulge your obsession for food in all forms . if you and your loved one both enjoy eating together , then you can use this occasion for a night of romantic nostalgia . eat as much as you like , drink champagne , tuck into oysters , and when you cannot manage another mouthful , finally eat each other 's hearts out . what a night to remember ! $ this day brings with it a great sense of excitement . you have known for some time that things have needed to change within your relationship , and today you have a prime chance to do just that . but the opportunity may come in the form of an event , or surprise happening from out of the blue . however , it occurs it , will certainly do the trick ! $ your partner may seem to be asking for the moon yet giving no leeway as far as your own concerns go . you may have to start looking more deeply into what you actually do want , rather than what you think you need . the two are very different . you then have to take time to talk about this . your happiness is important . $ you partner may feel encouraged to do more talking than they have for some time , so for once put down that soda and bag of potato chips , pull up your chair and listen . what they have to say affects the two of you in very major ways , so you need to take it all in and focus . then take time to give the most appropriate responses . $ the energy of the day may encourage you and your partner to start competing in a healthy manner . try making positive suggestions about how you would like to see the future shaping up and see if you can envisage something together that makes you both excited . the whole point is to realize that you are responsible for your experience , so start creating what you want ! $ if you are in a committed relationship , then take time to do things differently . you 'll have the opportunity to have some real fun . make time to talk together , and to listen to what each of you wants to share from the heart . most of all laugh and rediscover that sparkle which may have become buried lately . $ the opportunity to meet with some new people is yours today . if you are looking for that perfect love , then be different . if you stay in the same old routine , you will fall into the same old type of relationship . if you feel the need for a change , then change yourself from within first of all . dress differently , go to whatever new places are open , and see what transpires . $ if you are able to host a small party , or even invite a couple friends for coffee , then you might find that it turns into a regular kind of get - together . by enlarging your circle of friends and acquaintances you will discover the kind of love that is deeply meaningful , rather than the more superficial type . the love you are seeking is gradually drawing closer . $ you normally enjoy a soft romantic outlook , as far as your love life is concerned . situations that you get yourself into may seem to be devoid of real feeling to make any significant impression on you . however , you will enjoy communicating with others who have a more experimental approach to love , and though this may not lead to anything deep and intimate , you could make some warm and wonderful friends . $ you may find yourself giving endless advice for a string of people who come to you for sympathy . you will feel the need to spend some time with a loved one , just being alone together and enjoying that sense of silent communion and the depth of feeling that you both share . better still , create a wonderfully romantic dinner , and celebrate your wonderful relationship . $ this is a good time to expand your social opportunities , and to get out and meet some new friends in whatever way possible . a person from your college or university days could step back into your life when you least expect it . this time you may have more in common and may find that you get on a lot better than you did in the past . who knows where this may lead ? go for it ! $ a possibility of real passion will come your way . if you are looking for romance , then you may get more than you bargained for today when you attend that fancy party . think about all those hidden disguises , behind which someone is burning and itching to get to know you better ! by the end of the evening you will have made a decision . will it be the right one ? $ there is a lot of energy around today that you could express by taking a loved one out somewhere exciting . it could be a great idea to go off on an adventure together . perhaps try a camping trip or go fishing somewhere special and beautiful . make it a cozy and romantic time for two and enjoy yourselves ! $ stop looking at the way things were and consider how much you have at present . then consider what you want to do with your future . even though one phase of your life may have ended , it is best to begin moving on . so , take this opportunity to start afresh . you have so much to offer , so get out and start sharing it ! $ you will feel encouraged to seek a relationship based on a more spiritual outlook than some of the previous ones you have been involved in . you are tired of picking unsuitable mates and are now looking for someone who can be a companion on a mental , spiritual , and physical level as well . by moving in new circles , you will get what you truly desire . $ you and your partner ( current or prospective ) are coming closer together . this is a great chance to air and share your feelings , to rekindle the spark that may have become a little dim recently , and to spend some quality time together . make the most of this opportunity , and you will deepen your bond and commitment considerably . give each other some space and a chance to shine . $ do not be surprised if you have a few serious conversations with a loved one today . this can only be a positive thing , as the air needs to be cleared concerning a specific issue that has had you both at loggerheads for some time . do not be afraid to talk from the heart and open up to greater possibilities within the relationship . it is well worth persevering ! $ a sense of light relief and much laughter will wash over your current relationship today . if you have both been burdened by troubles connected with other issues in your lives , then take time to reconnect , and to bond with each other more deeply . watch a funny movie and just have fun . you both deserve it ! $ you will have a great time at a small social gathering today , if possible . talk with those whom you would not normally bother to get to know . this may open doors to new interests , and ultimately to a new relationship . it is by taking a risk and daring to open your heart to someone new that you make more progress then you have for some time . $ the intense period of time you have recently experienced may give you a good reason to get some clarity on your relationship with your romantic partner . if you have been spending most of your time together , with very little chance to meet up with family or friends , then give each other some much - needed space today . if you do not , then you may find that you begin to really get on each other 's nerves , and that would be a great pity ! $ you have the opportunity for a wonderfully romantic day if you play your cards right . there is the potential to communicate with someone who can change your life quite dramatically . but before you go charging ahead , you need to make sure that you have certain things clear . you do not want to rush into any situation about which you have the slightest misgiving . $ something could bring you much closer to someone special . the chance to talk will reveal exciting interests that you both shares , and also pave the way for new developments in the future . if you have any issues that you need to discuss , then it is best to get these out of the way first , to ensure a smooth journey ahead . $ you may feel that the person you love and cherish the most has cooled off , or perhaps even decided they no longer wish to be with you . do not take the signs too seriously . those around you will be encouraged to spend some time alone to consider their direction and future moves . given time and space , your partner ( current or prospective ) will come back to you even more in love than ever . $ relationships have to change and transform themselves on a continuous basis in order to remain fresh and alive . the opportunity to see your current relationship in a new light will come your way , and through heart - to - heart discussion , come to a place where you can both move on to a new level of trust and understanding . $ something is making you stumble in your attempts to interest a certain person . do not let this worry you , as it is only temporary . it may even be better if you abandon your attempts to start an affair just for a day or two and focus on what you really have to offer . once you understand your motives , there will be no stopping you . $ if it s possible to go to a small gathering this evening , then be prepared for quite an experience . those around you will get together in a variety of interesting combinations that may under normal circumstances seem quite odd . just be aware that someone you are with for the evening may be just fine for this event but is perhaps best forgotten afterward . $ use your innate charm , and your most ingratiating behavior to twist your partner ( current or prospective ) around your little finger . this is one time when the right smile could get you anything you want , and the right words could get you even more . it is certainly worth turning on the charm today , as you will be successful in ways you could not have foreseen ! $ you are at your most romantic and are seeking to impress someone particularly dear to you . it is a good time to invite them around to your home , if possible , and create a caring and deeply nurturing environment where they can relax and just be utterly themselves . allow the magic of the day to strengthen the bond between you and bring you both much happiness . $ you will be inspired to end a certain relationship that has been causing you nothing but grief . however , you may also have met someone else whom you find is more compatible with you in all kinds of ways . it is possible to make a smooth transition as long as you understand your motives , and fully understand why you need this change of direction . $ you may be brought to the point of almost severing a certain romantic liaison . if this is what you want , then go ahead and make a clean break . but if you just need to let off steam or release tension , then there are other ways of accomplishing this without putting the entire relationship at risk . think carefully before you take any sudden action . $ your partner ( current or prospective ) is likely to be more adventurous and adopt a more experimental approach to life . however , they decide to appear today , whatever they feel like wearing , or however they do their hair - just do not laugh . allow them free play to explore the full range of their unique being . they will love you forever if you can give them permission to be themselves . $ if you are looking for love , which is not often the case with your sign , you would do well to be able to listen to what others have to say . if you are at a social gathering , rather than trying to impress others with your string of glittering achievements , allow others to do most of the talking . $ do your best to be larger than life today . if you are looking for love , then it may well be because you know how to stand out in a crowd that will ultimately draw that special person to you . not that others will not be tempted to try their luck , but you will know the moment you look into someone 's eyes , whether this is the one for you . $ you usually feel attractive , except if you are in a shy mood . you will want to learn how to feel more confident today . let go of those feelings of inferiority and allow yourself to truly shine . you have things to offer the world that no one else can . to find new love , get out there and be proud of yourself ! $ if you are looking for that perfect romance , be warned it may not start out this way . you may actually dislike each other at first or become embroiled in a spirited conversation that takes you to the edge of a complete fall - out . however , just as rapidly , you can also make up , and this is where the story could get interesting . $ the energy of the day may bring to light a certain idea about which you and your partner ( current or prospective ) have spoken previously . it may entail a whole new lifestyle that will be nothing like the one you are living at the moment and will also be a great adventure . today you are encouraged to think about this seriously and to start doing something about your dream . $ today brings with it the possibility of a new kind of relationship . you may have been through quite a time in terms of partnerships and would now like the situation to settle down and become more stable . however , you do not want to settle for second best , and so would benefit by developing a new set of friendships that reflect your changing ideals . $ given the atmosphere of the day , you are likely to be powerfully attracted to a particular person . you are drawn by their deep passion and the intensity with which they pursue anything or anyone they wish to be involved with . but give yourself a few days grace before rushing in for the kill . you may need time to observe another side of their nature before you commit yourself . $ you may feel as though you are being ignored on purpose . you are to an extent , but only because your partner ( current or prospective ) is taking time out to get some much - needed space . they want to make the relationship between you work even better and are taking time to attend to their own issues so that they can give to you more fully and freely . do not interfere . $ today provides a good opportunity for you and a loved one to extend your circle of friends . your social life is likely to liven up . perhaps you both feel that your present social group has been limiting you of late . be bold and be open to new opportunities , as they may well lead to some fabulous new connections that will stand you in good stead . $ today you will experience a meeting of the heart and mind . if you have been engaged in an internal battle trying to decide whether to listen to the reasons why you should not enter into this relationship , as opposed to your feelings about why you should , then perhaps you need to reframe your perspective . if you go with your gut instinct , you will not go wrong . $ you do not have a mean or malicious temper ; it 's simply that your anger tends to boil over when you cannot have what you want when you want it . it is clear that you need to vent your spleen about something that you have been complaining about for some time . once you have gotten it out of your system , perhaps you can both be friends again ? decidedly yes , as you 've got luck on your side ! $ something is giving you the notion that a certain relationship is definitely in the cards , and not only going very well , but also truly blossoming . however , before you give your all , and decide that this is the ultimate one for you , just give yourself some time . this may either improve matters even further or enable you to see something that you had been blind to previously . $ although you may know in your heart of hearts that you are right , it is still worth holding that conversation , and making sure that your partner ( current or prospective ) understands the situation . you both desire to communicate at a deeper level than mere words can hope to achieve . although you may not see eye - to - eye , you can at least accept each other as you are . $ more than a few ego problems are likely to be part of today 's bargain if you are do not pay attention to how you phrase certain requests . you could come across to your partner ( current or prospective ) as being much more tyrannical then you ever intended to be . perhaps a breakdown in communication lies behind the mistake , but authentic heart - to - heart sharing will quickly bring a resolution . $ it is all very well thinking you have a certain relationship under control , and that all you have to do is snap your fingers . however , today 's going to be a day where you 'll be forced yourself into a situation in which you will have to readjust your expectations . your partner ( current or prospective ) may be tired of having to live up to impossible expectations and begin to show their true colors . how will you cope ? $ you may find that you are feeling an uncharacteristic lack of confidence when it comes to your personal relationships today . you will be more aware of your shortcomings if you allow yourself to experience them directly . in fact , this can be the first step to a greater sense of awareness between you and your partner ( current or prospective ) . do not fear what you see today ; rather , learn from it . $ getting angry or worked up with partners and loved ones is not really the answer today . certain issues are likely to surface and may be quite emotive . yet you also need to pretend that you do not feel as you do . if you can strike a balance between speaking your mind and creating harmony , you will have done well . $ you may find that you have more success in the dating stakes if you do not wear clothes that are too flashy or wear too much gold when going out . be more demure in both your image and your mode of expression . you will impress all of the right people far more if you know what you are talking about . $ you love to let your mind wander over all the endless possibilities that the universe has to offer , and today , you will probably allow yourself to journey farther than ever . potential love interests may not be quite sure how to take you right now . one minute you are promising them the earth , and the next you are off in your own personal heaven . $ love can be fun today , if you enjoy the feeling of being pursued relentlessly by an unstoppable force . someone looks set to set their sights on you , and not let go until they have had a chance to date you . if you do not mind all the attention - and you generally do not - then you can pace this one out at your leisure . $ as you generally adore hogging the limelight , you may be surprised to learn that today this could be quite a dangerous place for you to be . this may mean that , rather than showing off your true star potential , you embarrass yourself and your partner ( current or prospective ) by saying something half thought out and totally tactless . it may be best to keep silent . $ this is a great day for love and love affairs . if you are already involved in a permanent relationship , then take some time out to do some interesting things together that will broaden your range of activities . if you are looking for love , then you may have more luck at virtual metaphysical meetings or while being out and about . $ partners may need to take some time out for themselves . rather than getting worried that you are no longer at the absolute center of their universe , allow them to take a break , and do some of things they enjoy , but cannot usually do . when you meet up again you will find your bond will have strengthened . spending time apart is as necessary as being together . $ affairs are completely indulgent and very worthwhile today . you 'll be one very attractive and languid character today . those in your immediate entourage may not be able to resist you , even though they may have put up a good fight so far . if you have any doubts about what you are doing , do not get involved - but you are an adult now - are not you ? $ love blossoms today . you will respond with deep feeling . the lucky person certainly seems to know how to draw out the best in you , and you will also feel at ease in your communications with them . what transpires later is perhaps best left for you to decide . but do not leave it too long ! $ you may be swept off your feet and be romantically persuaded to take on someone whom you would not have normally considered . you need to tread warily - things may not be as they seem . although this person may appear to be totally charming , do not take anything at face value at this stage . this is not to say that you would not be happy , but just be sure there are no misunderstandings . $ with the present planetary alignment , financial issues could be causing you and a loved one a few problems . a few more bills or some unexpected expenses may have created difficulties . but rather than getting angry or defensive , the best way to deal with the problem is to talk to each other , and also to talk to anyone else involved . this will allow your romance to blossom once more . $ the astral influences encourage you to mix with people from all walks of life . they will certainly have a very liberating effect on you , although you may find some of the new romances you become involved in to be a little shocking . this will do you a world of good , as you tend to spend too much time worrying about how to please others , while not being true to yourself . $ relationships may not appear to be going as well as you would ideally like today . the day 's planetary energy makes it more difficult for you to get through to significant others , or for them to get through to you . so , it would not be a very good time to issue any major ultimatums . just be nice , and in a few days everything will feel differently . $ it 's no good pretending to be nice , especially when you are feeling such intense and powerful emotions that there is just no way you can possibly express them nicely . the celestial alignment gives you an added edge that you do not normally display . so , when your love interest asks you how you are , they may be totally bowled over the amount of emotion in your response . $ with the current planetary energy at play , you may find your relationship demanding . you have recently gotten to know each other better and realized that you do have a future together that you are both enthusiastic to explore . now comes the hard part of making this possible . whatever the new arrangements you decide on today , make sure that they work for both of you and do not cramp your style . $ love is just perfect today . the celestial influence encourages the best that romance has to offer . if you and your partner ( current or prospective ) have been working hard , and not spent much time together recently , this would be a great occasion to do something wonderful that brings back that sense of real companionship . a candlelit dinner , or a short break together could truly work a miracle ! $ the astral energy at play tends to bring people together through the power of conversation , rather than physical attraction . if you have been waiting for that special person to come along , you may be in luck talking about an art exhibition or gallery , and get into a discussion with someone whose understanding of artistic principles is second only to your own . you will certainly want to take a look at their etchings later on . $ you may find it difficult to resist someone who is totally and utterly wonderful to look at . the energy emanating from the planets makes you very aware of perfection , and you may find yourself drawn by the thought of such an awesome body . but bodies are not everything , as you are already aware , so try not to be totally mesmerized by this one . you are being tempted . $ the planetary configuration may seem to bring a touch of chaos to your life , yet it also delivers a little magic as well . sometimes we know what we want , but we do not always know what we need . today you not only discover what you really want , but also what you desperately need , just when it is accidentally taken away from you . do not take love for granted ! $ the astral alignment today puts you in a very optimistic and slightly surreal mood . you believe anything is possible in terms of love and romance and have such confidence and faith in yourself that you may find it difficult to understand someone 's reluctance to date you . it would be wise not to set your sights too high , or to think that you are an angel . you are human as well ! $ the planets are radiating an energy that is bringing you into the limelight more than ever . people are admiring you , not just for your sporty and athletic figure , but also for your penetrating and inquiring intellect . your deep and philosophical nature is drawing to you travelers of the mind and consciousness , who wish to journey with you to far away states of being . now are not you lucky ! $ you really enjoy being in a position where you feel you have superior knowledge or the last word on an issue or debate . it is in this kind of environment that you may find someone special who can challenge you to the kind of conversations you love . the planetary energy encourages deep and extremely meaningful discussions , but not with just anyone . $ in love we sometimes make so many promises that later we find impossible to keep . the current astral aspect may incline you to make several tall statements about yourself , what you do , where you live , and whether you are currently single or not . while you may feel that you can fool certain people , the truth will eventually emerge and catch up with you . it is best to be honest from the start . $ you could potentially conquer one person after another today if you had the mind to . the planetary alignment makes you feel invincible in the romance department . you have complete and utter faith in yourself and are not about to allow any obstacles to get in your way . but you would feel much better if you thought about the other person and their feelings . dare to show you really care . $ one problem that love interests involved in a relationship with you have is that after a certain time , your initial urge to supply them useful bits of philosophical or metaphysical knowledge begins to degenerate into what can only be described as continuous lecturing , even torturous nagging . the celestial configuration means that if you want to keep your present partner , you need to learn to have a conversation rather than deliver monologues ! $ the planetary influences encourage you to want to talk to your love interest about all manner of things . but unfortunately you could become involved in conversations over a series of issues that have been bubbling away just beneath the surface for some time . they do need some discussion , but perhaps this is not the best time to accomplish this . channel your dialogue in other directions . $ you may be tempted to overdo everything in terms of your romantic life today , which will not make things better , as you may have been hoping . the celestial influence could make you feel that by giving of yourself to the maximum and doubling your efforts , you will get some kind of reward . in fact , it is better right now to be more sparing in the display of your affections . $ you may feel like going either of two ways today . you can completely abandon yourself to the plans and goals that you and your beloved have decided to work on together , or you can start to pull it all apart through worrying and over - analyzing the details . neither approach is very realistic or practical . if you are both going to make progress , you need to be adventurous in a circumspect way . $ this is the ideal time to get out and socialize , host a party , or organize virtually anything that brings people together . if you are still looking for the perfect relationship , you may not recognize it immediately , but will get the chance to flirt to your heart 's content . this way you can get a general idea before making a specific choice . $ the planetary alignment brings you a chance to make amends with someone you may have had romantic problems with recently . it would help if you could both sit down and talk , but you may need to soften them up somewhat before you can really discuss matters on a heart - to - heart basis . the cosmos gives you the chance to do so today . go for it ! $ the planetary alignment encourages you to take up an opportunity concerning your current love relationship . it is a chance to discuss , in a perfectly reasonable and calm manner , why you feel things may have gone awry recently , and how you both work to put them back on track . if you approach this conversation with real sincerity , you will be able to create a major transformation . $ a present astral energy brings you to that point where you realize that talking has really helped you to understand that you are ready to make a deeper commitment to a special person . what this now entails is even more talking , but in such a way that it encourages you both to think about your future and the way your lives together could pan out . go for it ! $ there are not a lot of ways you can go awry today . but with the planetary energy at play , you may risk accidentally saying the wrong thing at the wrong moment , or make that one comment that everyone else has been sensitively avoiding . the problem is your lack of tact . if you can master this , then you may just hit the jackpot . $ powerful feelings dart across the sky of your emotional life , due to the celestial energies at play right now . you will have to acknowledge the force within you that has been driving you for some time on a more subtle level . you need to do something about it , and certainly have some explaining to do . but once you set this process in motion , you will be very pleased with the outcome . $ a secret desire may well be realized . the planetary alignment makes it possible for you to experience a change of heart concerning someone special about whom you may have had second thoughts . in fact , the u - turn in your feelings may even result in you going one stage further , and desiring to make the bond a much more permanent arrangement . so relax and just enjoy the occasion . $ relationships take on a new direction , due to the energy radiating from today 's aspect . a far more practical and down to earth element means that people will no longer be content to listen to your many promises , and be just as content when you fail to deliver the goods . anyone you now become involved with will expect you to be as good as your word . so make sure that you are . $ you may find the whole subject of romance and dating very frustrating right now . the celestial configuration brings a certain relationship problem to a head . but you will not be able to do much about making amends . both of you may feel sure that you are right to feel the way you do , and trying to step into each other 's shoes will not be an easy option . $ if you lose your temper , you may go way over the top , as you usually find it difficult to do anything half way . the planetary energy causes sparks to leap into instant flames , and you will need to be extra careful that you do not deliver one of your tactless remarks at a particularly sensitive moment , as it may not be taken in good humor . $ you may be tempted to give up the whole notion of relationships altogether , with today 's astral energy at play . a loved one could appear to be totally lacking in any kind of warmth and spontaneity , and you may be tempted to wonder if they are actually still living . take heart , this is just a temporary phase . before you know it , you will both be in love again . $ this is a great time to take your love interest out somewhere on an adventure . the astral influence encourages you both to explore some exciting new possibilities , perhaps to get your heads together and book a vacation somewhere far from the madding crowd , or even to try your hands at a new sport , preferably something with an element of danger . go forth and enjoy ! ! $ the energy from the planets encourages all kinds of parties and get - togethers . it is not a time to stay at home and read or watch television . if you are currently hunting for the romance of your life , you will find it in places where people are working together to really make a difference , and where they are committed to positive change , as you are yourself . $ surprisingly , love may not be the most exciting factor in your life right now . it will , however , certainly provide much food for thought . you are in the mood for some serious discussion with your beloved concerning future plans and obligations . do not immediately leap to any deep and meaningful conclusions , as you are both in the frame of mind to be a little pessimistic . but not to worry - favorable planetary events could be supporting you soon . $ this is a great time to consider taking the plunge with respect to a certain relationship . it will not be a question of immediately seizing your prey , and there could be a bit of a tussle , as you both have somewhat different agendas . but if you persist , you will find that the differences between you actually draw you closer together . $ the answer to your perplexing question is far from obvious . although you pride yourself on being able to philosophize your way in and out of any situation , this one so far seems impossible to fathom . the energy of the day is heightening this sense of the mysterious even more . you will have to trust your gut reactions where this romantic situation is concerned . $ talking is all well and good , but even after some fascinating conversation , you are secretly hoping that things will take a slightly more interesting direction . you need have no fears as far as this is concerned . your romantic date this evening will prove every bit as delicious as you are wishing - after which you can continue with the conversation . $ your partner ( current or prospective ) is in a wonderfully sociable mood and will be only too pleased to take you out . you may as well take advantage of their generosity and suggest a place you have longed to visit for some time , or perhaps a movie or concert you would like to attend . go for it , as the world is your oyster today . $ you will have more of a chance to get asked out for a date today if you can just stop worrying about whether you will be asked out or not . the energy radiating from the planets is bringing out the more manipulative and power - hungry side of your personality , which could have a negative effect . if you enjoy the day without worrying either way , you will find things work out fine very soon . $ the celestial configuration is helping you to accept love at a more realistic level . your relationships are usually an adventure into the unknown , and often , once the adventure seems to settle into a boring mundane routine , you suddenly feel the mad urge to escape completely or into yet another relationship . gradually you are beginning to see the folly of your ways , and can now start to behave accordingly . $ you are powerfully aware of just how much a certain person is fascinated by you . the planetary atmosphere is making this obvious , and as you love the feeling of being the one in control , this is a particularly happy state of affairs for you . it means that , like a cat , you get to tease them and play around in any way you like . but your little mouse will not respect you for this ! $ the day 's significant planetary aspect is giving you a choice . you and your partner ( current or prospective ) could go either of two ways , and so feel the need for some form of discussion . however , in this instance any dialogue may get you into even deeper trouble and will not actually help , as neither of you are totally clear on what you want . it may be best to leave this conversation for another day . $ you will need to be able to dive deep into your repertoire of metaphysical jargon and topics of conversation in order to catch the attention of someone rather delicious . the planets are encouraging you to make a move , but it 's no good if you do not start out on the right foot . you just have to try and relate to life in a philosophical way . go for it ! $ the vibration from the planets is causing you to question just why a certain relationship is the way it is . you may find yourself in a deeply pensive and philosophical mood , turning various events and conversations over and over in your mind in order to try and get to the bottom of this dilemma . however , some discussion may produce more meaningful results than thought alone . $ the celestial alignment may help to give you a more grounded feeling , which could be very necessary right now . as you tend to get very deeply involved in anything you set your eyes on , a time when you have to consider the more practical and materialistic aspects of your daily existence will help bring a sense of perspective , which could be just what you need . $ the planetary alignment brings a very lighthearted and happy energy to the day . if you have something you really need to say , then this would be a good time to do so , as you will be able to communicate in such a way that will get the message across without having to resort to underhanded methods . just be honest . $ if you are in the throes of a passionate and highly intense affair , then expect this to be a day when you both thrill to each other 's company . the energy emanating from the planets brings a sense of excitement , and also the urge to take a risk . perhaps you could arrange to go out somewhere you have never been , but always wanted to go . be daring - and have a ball . $ the planetary lineup is bringing to a head a situation in which you and your love interest need to work out where you are going together . you problem is that you tend to plunge into your emotions more than being present in the relationship . you know how it should be , but may not be able to reconcile yourself with how it is . let go of misconceptions and just be real . $ it is not the best day to start talking about anything that may be a bone of contention between you and your partner ( current or prospective ) . you will not be in the mood , and your partner ( current or prospective ) may not be able to agree with any suggestions you put forward . it may be best to spend the time redirecting your energies into something much more easily achievable . $ the astral energy may be making it difficult for you to express how you feel to a certain person . you know you really do need to say something , as you cannot leave the situation as it is , but just how to broach the subject is where the difficulty lies . the main problem is overcoming that sense of fear ; once you have managed this , everything will be fine . $ you have one or two options open to you , as far as your relationships are concerned . if someone close to you seems to have betrayed your trust , you can either withdraw into an icy silence that usually means the death of the partnership is not far off , or you can find out the truth of the matter and then make your decision . $ if you are entertaining some very inflexible views about a certain issue , then it may be better if you could try and bend them a little . you can keep this charade up ad infinitum , and nothing will change between you . but if you can bear to alter your attitude on just the smallest of details , this could make quite a difference . $ people may seem more shallow today than usual . you may find the constant chatter about everything and nothing more than a little irritating . however , if you are going out with an impressive person on a date , do not yawn and nod off if the conversation fails to ignite any of your passions . give it a chance , as things will get more interesting very soon . $ if you are trying to impress someone , this is not the kind of evening to come on to them in one of your very intense and dramatic moods ; rather go for gentle and persistent seduction . initiate a conversation , then ease them into the idea that they would be missing something terrific if they do not take you out on a date sometime . $ this is the ideal day to organize a gathering of friends , with a few fascinating newcomers thrown in for good measure . this more than anything will do something to spice up your love life , and perhaps encourage you to get to know a different kind of person , rather than always sticking with those with the same interests . $ you can employ the power of words , gesture , poetry , scents , or food to entice a loved one ever closer to you , if you have enough time and energy . but make sure that you are targeting the right person in the right way , and that your arrows of love do not fall short of their intended target , or even go astray . $ the celestial alignment may help you to understand why you have been going through some unusual experiences with someone very close . it seems that you may have both become carried away by a certain mutual fantasy that has been pushing all your buttons . once you spot this , you can resume the relationship on a more sound footing , and will find that you connect more realistically on all levels . $ your partner ( current or prospective ) may be making you feel a little nervous today . whereas you could be feeling pretty passionate about a problematic issue , they may seem to be the epitome of detachment . this possibly makes no sense to you , and you could interpret this to mean that they do not care , when in fact , they already have the situation sorted out in their own minds . $ the current planetary aspect may help you to channel your powerful emotional energies in a positive direction . if you have been looking for someone special with whom you can share all your secrets , hopes , and fears , you may be lucky . although the relationship may start off fairly low key , you will both realize very quickly just how much comfort and assurance you are able to give to each other . $ you may have to stop yourself from becoming overly intense in a certain romantic situation today . there is going to be a lot of emotion around . this is fine if you are comfortable and happy in a current partnership , but it could become overpowering if you are still getting to know each other , or if there are issues that need to be discussed . $ the current astrological aspect suggests that you will feel like taking up a particular challenge as far as your romantic realm is concerned . you may get an opportunity to take the partnership in a whole new direction that would benefit you both immensely , and also help you to see even more possibilities than you can in your immediate situation . go for it , and get a boost in your love life ! $ the planetary constellation is encouraging you to look up and out to gain a wider appreciation of what relationships mean to you , and any hidden agendas that may be operating to create problems . the accent is on encouraging the new , and daring to exceed previous limits . it is a time to find a deeper meaning and purpose in your life and connections with others . $ if your partner ( current or prospective ) seems to be awesomely direct with you today , do not close up like a clam and refuse to say your piece . it would be good if you could be just as direct back . there are things you need to discuss , and this is a great opportunity to get them out in the open and have certain issues clarified . $ the atmosphere of the day may just cause you to stop and think about where a certain partnership is going , or rather not going . if you have become bored with one level of relating , then you will be wondering about what is next on the agenda . you may need to allow each other some time and space to go off and do your own thing . $ partners may seem to be very firmly stuck in their ruts today , with the atmosphere prevailing today . if you wanted to discuss anything important or get going on a mutual plan , then you may find it almost impossible to get your friend to budge . but perhaps you ought to take a look at your own behavior first . maybe you too are being very stubborn about something . $ the position of the planets in the sky may bring about the opportunity to make a clean break with someone with whom you have been having a pretty intense relationship . you have come to a deeper understanding of why you became involved in this partnership in the first place , and may have to admit that perhaps it was not out of entirely heart - centered motives . you would be better to come clean and be honest . $ with a favorable aspect today , you would do best to be honest and open today , rather than trying to maintain an air of mystery . someone important to you has wonderful news to share , and this needs your immediate attention because it involves you in a wonderful opportunity . share your enthusiasm rather than feigning cynicism , which deep in your heart you do not feel . $ the past and present seem to connect , with today 's challenging aspect . it may be that while out with your latest love interest , you bump into an old flame who reminds you of a whole chunk of your life , and brings back a corresponding flood of memories . this may make you wonder about what you have been missing , so perhaps it is time to get your priorities in order . $ you may find it more difficult to make genuine contact with someone special . today 's planetary alignment indicates that that vital flow of feeling may not be forthcoming because you are both very much in your own private worlds at the moment . if you go out , do not expect any great revelations , but do expect to be able to lay the groundwork for a much more intimate occasion . $ you may not be feeling particularly passionate , and yet could be very surprised to discover just how much a certain atmosphere affects you and creates intense emotional currents . the planetary alignment of the day may bring some surprising elements into your relationship today , so be prepared for anything . the best is most definitely still to come , and you can make it even better by using your imagination ! $ the current celestial atmosphere means you have a chance to try out some new and exciting things with a loved one . if you have become used to a certain routine , then consider changing it by doing something radically different . it may also happen that you meet a person today who brings a breath of fresh air into your life . anything that inspires you to greater things is welcome . $ although you can be very loyal to a cause or a person , sometimes long after your relationship has ceased to be profitable , you may begin to feel the stirrings of discontent as far as one particular partnership is concerned . the aspect of the day could mean that you feel a sense of restriction rather than happiness . today you may choose to do something about this . $ the present celestial atmosphere means you have a lot of opportunity to get that special person just where you want them . but you will have to put in some work , as it is not going to happen as if by magic . you will need to engage your chosen one in artful conversation and so convince them of the great merits of going out on a date with you . $ today 's planetary alignment gives you a chance to go to work on a relationship that you thought had failed . if you have been feeling as though you had no hope of enticing your love interest back into your life , then think again . dare to try one more time , and do not be afraid of being hurt . they probably feel the same way as you , but cannot make the first move . $ you may be going through something of an experimental phase , as far as your love life is concerned . the planetary configuration indicates that this may continue at least for today , especially as you seem undecided as to which one of the many potential love interests you would like to spend more time with . it is probably best to continue in the same lighthearted vein , at least for the foreseeable future . $ the current transit may encourage you to do something that you may not normally consider doing . you may feel that your reasons for taking a certain course of action are entirely justified , and based on a specific line of reasoning . yet the way you are applying your logic does not actually work out in reality . people 's hearts are a very delicate matter - do be careful . $ today could well bring the zenith of passion , but first you need to get something straightened out . today 's planetary alignment indicates that a loved one is expecting some sort of gift , but that you may be requiring an apology of some kind before you will buy one . for once just be nice and purchase those super deluxe silk sheets with matching underwear - and no grudges . $ you are usually quite subtle about the way in which you conduct your romantic affairs . but with the current planetary aspect you will not feel any compunction about revealing yourself exactly as you are . what brings such a change in your manner ? it can only be that a certain person is driving you wild with desire , and for once you do not care about being totally up front and honest . $ you quite enjoy days like this when you feel as though you are a detective in charge of a very important case . today 's astral configuration means that if you have been trying to lift the veil of enigma that surrounds one particular person , you may soon discover an important clue that helps you understand their motives . but also listen to what your heart has to tell you . $ the celestial atmosphere means that you may have to forget about getting an immediate show of affection from someone you think is altogether gorgeous , and be satisfied with planting a few well - chosen seeds for the future . this do not mean that it 's not going to happen , just that it may not happen yet . in the meantime you need some way to stay in contact . $ this is a day for getting the right perspective before you embark on a new relationship , or make any major changes in an existing one . the current planetary aspect means that you will certainly want to pause before opening any new doors . just be aware that when you get that warm feeling in your heart , you will have made the right decision . $ although love and romance may not be the kind of deeply intense and passionate experience that you had hoped for today , do not give up . the position of the planets means that initially you may not experience anything too profound while in each other 's company , but that this will change as time goes on . you can lay the groundwork , and at least learn to relax in each other 's company . $ your fantasies may play an important part in your relationship , with the astral configurations of the day . they could help you realize just how much fun you have been missing , and envision many more exciting scenarios you could enjoy in the future . it is worthwhile paying more attention to the river of dreams that runs beneath the surface of your life , as it will certainly help your partner ( current or prospective ) ship in times ahead . $ this is a good time to accept any invitations to parties or other gatherings that may be offered to you . today 's planetary alignment indicates that meetings with others will be very promising , and if you do find someone special , they will certainly be very unique and fascinating . it could take you more than a little while to even begin to fathom them . $ the celestial atmosphere today may bring out the she - devil in you today , as you feel wickedly disposed to making sure you get that date with someone who has been an object of your desire for a while now . however , if you want to make your wish come true , do not go about this in your usual way . try the more unconventional route . above all , do not hide your real nature . $ do not worry if you cannot decide at tonight 's party whether to go all out to impress a certain person , or whether it is best to ignore them . today 's position of the planets is making it hard to see with clarity which way to go . if you can manage to talk to them on a purely platonic and friendly basis , with no hint of flirting , this may help initially . $ there is a very fiery intensity and passion around today , due to today 's planetary alignment . if you have been wondering how to get yourself noticed by that very special person , then you have it within your reach to do so today by making your intentions very clear . do not do your usual red herring impersonation , or wear too much black . make an impression and say it like it is . $ you may feel like taking advantage of favorable celestial atmosphere today to attract a certain person into your life . if you are going out to a party , make sure you wear the right kind of glitzy clothes with a touch of glamour about them . do not wear anything that makes you look less than a million dollars , as it is that mysterious and seductive approach that will land you the prize . $ the position of the planets today makes you very aware of just how much real passion there is in your current relationship . if you have been going through a slightly dry patch or have been too busy to really spend much time together , then you can both make up for this deficit today . if you plan an intimate evening you will certain realize how special your partner ( current or prospective ) ship is . $ you may have mixed feelings about a certain relationship situation in which you find yourself . however , today 's position of the planets encourages you to take some time to reflect on what you actually want . you have a tendency to get very involved in your emotions , which often makes it difficult to adopt a detached perspective and see things with clarity . try to stand back from them today . $ the planetary alignment of today gives you the chance to slow down and take stock of the heady series of events that have occurred in your recent relationship . you need time to reflect on all that has happened , and to decide where you would like it to go from here . but be patient if making any important decisions , as you need to sure of where they will lead . $ the position of the planets encourages the impressionist in you to make a bold appearance . if you are dating someone for the first time , then take time to dress in style , but make sure that you are surrounded by an aura of mystery . you do not want to give all your secrets away immediately , so play the mysterious stranger to your heart 's content . flirt , seduce , tease , and above all , have fun ! $ today 's planetary alignment indicates that you may not succeed in seeing things in quite the same way as your nearest and dearest , and yet this could ultimately bring you closer , rather than driving you apart . if things have seemed a little stuck between you recently , then treat this as the anecdote that will help things flow again , so that your relationship becomes more dynamically alive . $ you generally like everything to happen smoothly in your relationships , yet an unexpected surprise may cause you to stop in your tracks . the position of the planets could bring about a reintroduction to someone from the past who has quite a profound effect upon you . they could well have changed beyond all recognition , and have much to offer you that they could not previously . will you take the bait ? $ money and resources are useful to purchase different types of experiences . the day 's celestial configuration suggests that you have a decision to make concerning love and finance . you can use financial resources to do something that makes a difference to both of you . alternatively you can buy a loved one a very nice present that may have an equally potent effect . the choice is yours - decide wisely . $ the day 's celestial lineup means you can go somewhere really cool , and meet someone fun in the process . or you might take a philosophical approach and try yoga or meditation classes , or perhaps enjoy learning about a new philosophy . either way , you will not be disappointed , and will probably end up meeting someone who will be able to keep you laughing for some time to come . $ if you want to impress the love of your life or get someone to become the love in your life , then you are going to have to buy them a present of some kind that will woo them into your domain . it do not have to expensive , but it should be personal and very original . in fact , the more bizarre , the better . $ you will experience that extra touch of cooperation today . if there has been conflict , you can resolve it by letting each other know how you feel about certain issues , and by deciding that you would like to create an opportunity for healing where there may have been a rift . beginning this process is easy , as there is a lot of goodwill around . $ you seem to be caught between the devil and the deep blue sea today . you have intense feelings for a particular person , but you are keeping quiet about it all . you do not wish them to see you in anything but a position of strength and control . the day 's planetary constellation begs the question as to who are you kidding . being vulnerable is a part of trusting another . $ today may be an intensely private day for you and your beloved . not that it is going to be any problem - there will probably be lots of laughter . but you both deserve some time alone . this will regenerate the relationship , bringing you closer together . sometimes you have to shut others out for a while to discover how much you really share . $ you love the idea of being able to confound people with words . right now you have the chance to completely hoodwink your love interest into believing a little scheme or plan that you have cooked up . you may manage to fool them and feel really pleased with yourself , but do not look so smug . they may yet have the last laugh , as what goes round comes round . $ you may do something today that you have been waiting to do for a very long time . it is a day of revolution , and you intend your love life to be revolutionized in a big way . no half measures ; no unfulfilled intentions . the time you have been waiting for is beckoning - put on your glad rags and be the best you 've ever been . $ the planetary alignment could cause you to see someone whom you badly want to believe in through rose - tinted spectacles . no matter what anyone could say to the contrary , you just would not believe them , even if the proof were right in front of your eyes . but if you are thinking of becoming more intimate with them , then it would be better to know the truth . $ you may find yourself having to do some negotiating when it comes to relationships today . the position of the planets indicates that you and your partner ( current or prospective ) need to talk things through , but may not immediately see eye - to - eye . you will not find the answer by trying to look for all the issues on which you agree , but by seeing a completely new and totally original perspective on which to base your argument . $ the position of the planets may make for an interesting date tonight with someone whom you are hoping to get to know a lot better . you may be surprised , though , at just how emotional they turn out to be , which is something you would never have expected . you may find yourself playing the role of advisor and confidante , and helping them sort through various emotional difficulties , which you quite enjoy ! $ you may surprise yourself at how you dive in , and are actually prepared to do battle , in order to win over the person who has captured your heart . today 's astral configuration means that you have even more power at your elbow . so captivated are you that you will do almost anything to ensure that you get that first date , and many more afterwards . $ the movement of the heavenly bodies presents a golden opportunity to meet someone who may not be entirely your cup of tea right away , but who will certainly grow on you as time passes by . this person will have a very unique and original outlook on life , and one that do not always fit in with other people 's ideas of normality . but you will find that most attractive . $ the energy of the day brings about a radical change in an important relationship . no matter how much you may have tried to put off this moment of reckoning , you may have to place all your cards on the table . in doing so you may very well end one chapter in your partner ( current or prospective ) ship ; but a new one will dawn that will more certainly reflect your changing needs and desires . $ you have no worries about your love life , with the planets ' alignment of today . you will find that things come together beautifully to make this a time to remember - that is , as long as you want it to be special . whether you are in a permanent partnership , or you are looking for that perfect person , the events of today could be quite a milestone . $ this would be a great opportunity to hold an impromptu party and invite some very interesting people around . the current aspect creates a particularly sociable atmosphere , which could lead to some very special relationships being developed . you look set to become more deeply acquainted with someone whom you have admired from afar for some time . what is more , you will find that your instincts about this one are spot on . $ the planetary alignment gives you extra bite in the love department . if you have been wondering whether to push someone into making more of a commitment , but do not like to appear too forward because you fear rejection , then take heart . today you have so much courage you could not care what their answer is . someone else will always say yes to your charms , if this do not work out . $ this is a great time to try a more experimental approach to your love life . the current planetary position indicates that if you have been working with the traditional way of dating , and have discovered this to be sadly lacking , you will need to come up with something completely new and untested . the more original , radical , and enthusiastic you are about your plan , the better chance it has of succeeding . $ the present astral configuration may mean that one meeting today not only takes you by surprise , but also has a profoundly revolutionary effect on your thinking and outlook . just as you thought you had found a peaceful way of life , you find you were being complacent instead . this person could become a love interest or a very good friend , but their influence will remain with you forever . $ although you have a tendency to try and please your partner ( current or prospective ) rather than acting from your own inner knowing at times , the position of the heavenly bodies actively encourages you to reflect on what you would like to do - not so much in the sense of finding the most logical next step , but of getting in touch with your feelings and listening very carefully to what they have to say . $ today 's astral configuration encourages you to go for what you want . even though your conscience , ever watchful , may be telling you that you are taking this chance away from someone else , do not listen , but go where you heart bids you . it is time you took a stand for something you have contemplated having for a long , long time . you deserve it - just take the first step ! $ the present planetary alignment means that you have an opportunity go places with someone , which will not only be a wonderful adventure for both of you , but will also deepen the bond between you . in fact , it will transform the relationship altogether , if you can be open enough to allow this to happen . all that is required is that you sign up for the experience and get going ! $ the astral configuration today encourages you to show real warmth to your love interest . you are an expert at wonderful romantic gestures , and yet sometimes you forget to include the hug or the meaningful caress that would let them know you really do care . the problem is that you are so sensitive that you cannot bear the slightest hint of rejection . put these fears aside and open your heart ! $ you dislike bad feeling and tension at the best of times , so you may not enjoy the celestial atmosphere today , as it is possible that it will bring up something that has needed to be dealt with between you and your partner ( current or prospective ) for some time . however , although you may not feel comfortable in expressing some of your deeper reservations , you will ultimately both discover a sense of peace . $ do not fuss or fret too much today if things do not seem to be as romantically perfect within your relationship as you would like them to be . the position of the heavenly bodies means that the cosmos has produced a big spoon and is currently stirring away in order for all that is imperfect to be noted and resolved . so if it hurts , it is probably doing you good . $ today 's planetary alignment encourages you to get out socially today , as you could meet some very interesting people . one in particular could bring a dose of sunshine into your life , as you both seem to share the same interests and outlook . this , more than anything , will put a smile on your face , and give you something to look forward to in the future . $ your natural impulse is to bring conflicting people or issues into some kind of harmonious agreement , as disagreement is something you find hard to stomach . the present astral configuration may indicate that you need to face up to a possible rift in your own relationship and apply all your natural skills to creating a bridge between your hearts . you just need to take the first step . $ today 's planetary transits may encourage you to both soften and empower your image in some way , and also your approach to a certain person in whom you are deeply interested . you have noticed that they have many differing moods , and it can be very hard to pin them down , and yet for once you are determined . do not worry if they do not respond , they have certainly noticed you . $ the position of the heavenly bodies encourages you to get in touch with your feelings and share them with the one you care about the most . rather than talking about how you should both feel , why not accept your relationship as it is . if you can enjoy being where you are right now , and can trust your heart to guide you , you will find a real source of satisfaction . $ the position of the planets encourages you to be more spontaneous in your love life , and less conditioned by and worried about what other people may be thinking . there may be someone whom you are particularly drawn to , whom you think your friends or family may not approve of , or who is perhaps not cool enough . if your heart is telling you to go for it , why hang back ? $ although you may try to get your impassioned feelings to stay under control and reveal themselves subtly , even tastefully , you may not quite be able to manage this , especially with the present cosmic climate . emotions have been boiling away beneath the surface for a certain person for quite for some time , and when the opportunity arises today to do something about them , it could all be too much ! $ the alignment at play today may shock you into a revelation concerning your love life . you may have been continuing an affair while insisting on looking at it through rose - tinted spectacles . an event may come along to remind you that nothing and no one is perfect , and that you may need to adjust your behavior accordingly in order to deal with what is really going on in the relationship . $ an air of melancholy could threaten your image and make you look very serious . today 's movement of the planets may mean that you are seeing all the faults and failings in your current relationship rather than the more positive side . it may help you to refocus and think of all the good times you have enjoyed together ; at least it will prevent a few worry lines from appearing . $ this is a good time for that first date with someone warmhearted and wonderful . today 's movement of the planets brings with it the chance for a totally romantic evening under the stars , beside the sea , or anywhere that allows the mystery and magic of life to wash over you . you will find that you are both able to share your feelings and relate on many different levels . $ the present planetary alignment may bring someone who thinks they understand you panting to your door , hoping for some kind of sign . although this has the basis of a very good friendship , they are currently fantasizing about you , and could be way off beam . so you will need to calm them down and let them gently into your heart - if you really wish to . otherwise be very firm . $ the alignment at play today gives you the incentive to mix and mingle with others - even more so if you are looking for someone special to share your life with . you will find that the people you meet today are different in some way , and may provide you with inspiration , and much food for thought . one person is likely to make you think very deeply - especially about seeing them again . $ there is the potential to create a wonderful and very seductive atmosphere , and to be able to entertain and spoil your love interest . the planetary alignment at play today means that you may have to clear up a little confusion before you reach this stage , so that you can both enjoy this wonderful occasion . this is not a major misunderstanding , but is enough to be causing some friction . $ if you meet someone very unusual under the influence of today 's astral configuration , you must not start laughing . you should certainly keep your cool and give them a chance to reveal what lies beneath their rather strange exterior . believe me , it could be extremely appealing , and you may find the complete package so utterly fascinating that you declare yourself in love , just like you always wanted ! $ your sense of humor comes to the fore , with today 's position of the planets . love is very much associated with whether you and another can laugh at the same things and appreciate the same kind of jokes . although you tend to be very much aware of physical appeal , in this instance you may find that even though this particular person do not conform to your idea of good looks , they are beautiful within . $ you usually prefer a more subtle approach , and find it difficult to be loud and ostentatious . the movement of the planets today suggests that someone close to you has been very demanding , and in order to not to be swallowed by the sheer force of their neediness you will have to extremely firm and possibly rude . although this is not your style , there is a time and place for everything . $ although you generally prefer harmony to discord , the current astral configuration encourages you to make your point rather than taking it on the chin . your love interest may be insisting that you take a certain course of action , not because you want to , but because they want you to . this naturally is causing you to feel resentful . you will just have to tell them the truth about how you feel . $ today 's position of the heavenly bodies makes nice discussion difficult , as there is too much raw power circulating through the ether , prowling around your verbs and poking holes in your consonants . privacy becomes impossible , as it seems that your love interest is even capable of reading your thoughts . you stand accused unless you can give back as good as you get . do not be shy - just speak up for yourself ! $ the planetary alignment at play today may mean that you feel less enthusiastic than usual about going out on a date with your loved one . you may not be able to put your finger on the reason , but are now more inclined to stay at home and work on a solo project , or just rest . perhaps this would actually do you good . you will probably feel more sociable another time . $ the current astral configuration encourages romance . it 's a wonderful time to invite your dearest one over to your place and transform it into a real love interest 's boudoir . use scented candles , have plenty of aromatic oils around for all uses , from relaxation to massage . cook foods that are truly sensuous and wonderful to eat , and above all have a great time . lastly , make sure you repeat this often in the future . $ the present planetary alignment brings with it the opportunity to change your image , and go out on an exciting date with someone who will appreciate the unconventionality of your adopted dress code . do your hair in an extravagant study of wildness , wear clothes that make heads turn - then turn again - and most of all , have real fun with your potential love interest in a cool and upbeat kind of way . $ you only need to allow a little more warmth into your interactions with another to bring you much closer together and able to be more intimate with each other . the planetary transit today encourages you to go the extra step . do not think about how an ideal love relationship should be ; just dive in and learn from shared experience . you will benefit enormously if you can do so . $ today 's position of the heavenly bodies means that if you and your beloved have been having a problem recently , and have not really been speaking to each other very much , then this is the time to make up . you could well start your reconciliation by having a few arguments , but this will tend to be more a release of tension . you will find yourselves more deeply and passionately in love than before . $ do not worry if you feel in a serious mood and have promised to go out on a date this evening . the energy of the day suggests that even though the whole tone of the evening may be somber , this may not be such a bad thing . do not let your mood hinder you to go out and enjoy the evening . you both discover that you have things you need to talk about , and find that confiding in each other is very reassuring . $ there is a real and very tangible warmth evident in your love life , especially with today 's celestial atmosphere . you will find you are gradually getting closer to the person whom you have recently started to date , and indeed you could be significantly more intimate by the end of the evening . express yourself sincerely and honestly , and all will be well . you will enjoy getting to know each other . $ with today 's celestial atmosphere , you will have no option but to make a decision about a certain irresistible person . you just cannot wait around for them to make a move toward you , which is the way you normally go about things . you really do need to show that you are interested , not only once , but on more than one occasion in different ways . they 'll soon get the message . $ you have full permission from the cosmos to dress up for a night of glamour . a square between the moon and neptune means that if you are going out on a date this evening , you will have a truly wonderful time , and your feet will hardly touch the ground . although these kinds of occasions are pretty far removed from reality , use this opportunity to share some quality time with your latest love interest . $ today 's planetary alignment will not provide the kind of influence that you like , as it disrupts your sense of harmony . your scales may temporarily be swinging wildly , as a problem within your current relationship seems to be getting out of hand . if you can stay calm and deal with it , you will find things change and are better than you would have thought possible . $ do not worry if you cannot seem to muster the enthusiasm necessary to get out on that date . the astral configuration indicates that you could be having second thoughts , doubts , and last minute reservations . you may even find your potential love interest to have an attitude to life that is older than their apparent years . but if you do go , you will feel wonderfully secure and cared for . $ with today 's celestial energy , you have every chance of having a wonderful evening out . make sure to wear clothes that heighten your subtle charms and give you an air of mystery . there is an air of unreality around that nevertheless makes your current love affair seem like a grand romantic adventure . it is a great time to get to know each other and appreciate the feelings you both share . $ today 's planetary alignment indicates that this may not be a particularly harmonious day to start off with , but with time and patience it could turn out to be so . this is actually an ideal opportunity to sort out something that has been causing friction between you and your beloved . you can do it if you both have determination and unconditional love . $ you may not know where you are heading as far as an important relationship goes , but today you will not be able to make any progress anyway . the current aspect at play does not actually help you to see where the line is drawn , as it will appear to keep moving around . just go with the flow of events , and this will help you discern a clearer pattern . $ today 's planetary alignment may not create the ideal atmosphere for that date this evening , and yet in another way it is entirely appropriate . there are things that you both need to discuss , and too much hilarity or false jollity would tend to interfere . the things you need to say to each other require careful consideration and quite a bit of realistic planning . all is well ! $ it is better to say how you feel , especially as you have the full backing of the cosmos to enable you to do so . the current aspect at play gives you the extra courage you need to make a leading statement without needing to be prompted . your partner ( current or prospective ) is likely to be very impressed and touched that you have dared to go so far as to make yourself vulnerable . $ today 's astral configuration may not create the most romantic of atmospheres for a great night out with your sweetheart , but it will certainly be an evening to remember . whether they seem to be exhibiting a bizarre change in character , or are just feeling mischievous , the date certainly will not be anything like you expected . but life would be boring if everything was so predictable - would not it ? $ there is a wonderful influence around that could transform a potentially dull date into a truly wonderful evening . the current astral energy means that you will find there is a natural harmony existing between you . you can talk to each other about anything , and feel totally at ease about it all . do not worry about sharing your deepest thoughts ; they will be in safe hands . $ this is a good time to hold a party to which you can invite as many different people as possible , and get them to mix and mingle in a truly creative way . the current aspect at play encourages everyone to give of their best . if you are looking for your soul mate , then you may be drawn into a wonderful conversation with them quite by chance . $ the current astral configuration creates a sense of competition regarding someone that both you and another have your eye on . right now it is just friendly rivalry , as the one in question has not shown any particular favor toward either of you . however , you will need to find a more diplomatic way to relate to your friend if anything changes between you . competition is healthy - jealousy is sad . $ today 's astral energy is probably not the ideal influence for a first date , but it is not the end of the world , either . ok , so you may be feeling a little tongue - tied and unsure of yourself , but your date will also . if you can draw them out by being interested in them and their life history , then the rest should be easy . pretty soon the conversation will be flowing . $ the current astral configuration means you may find yourself feeling rather flat in terms of a current relationship , but do not let this worry you too much . after a period when you have been very much together and sharing everything , it is sometimes refreshing to spend time alone . you have not fallen out of love ; you just both need some space . it will help you feel even closer . $ sometimes an idea can overtake us for a short time , and we can be so gripped by its demands that there is a big effect upon our lives . the current astral energy suggests that you could be taken over by a powerful impulse that has the potential to create a great deal of change . if you are in a relationship , talk it over with your partner ( current or prospective ) first of all . $ it may not be the most comfortable decision you 've ever made in your life , especially when it involves being so honest and up - front about your feelings . but the current astral configuration implies that if you have added courage , you may feel like you could work miracles . it is not as if you have to do anything too stressful ; you merely have to ask this person out on a date . $ this is romantic heaven , so make the most of it . the current planetary energies bring out the best in you and your love interest , so if you want to create an even deeper bond between you , then take action . either arrange to go somewhere special for the evening , or create a wonderful atmosphere at home with a candlelit meal , aromatic bath , and all the necessary trimmings . $ today 's aspect at play is a natural indicator of harmony , and has the effect of soothing away any tensions that may have built up in your relationship . take this opportunity to show your love by doing practical things for your sweetheart , such as giving them a wonderful massage with aromatic oils , cooking a great meal , or giving them an appropriate present . they will really appreciate these things right now . $ there is plenty going on today , with the current aspect at play . this is a great opportunity for establishing communication with all kinds of people , and for making significant progress within certain other relationships . if you are in a permanent partnership , then this will increase your circle of friends . if you are looking for love , then this is a very promising aspect , as others are more open than usual . $ if your love life needs a little spicing up , then today 's interplay of astral energies may accomplish just this . one conversation in particular may spark your curiosity , and also help you to see that someone else does indeed share some of the unique and very original views that you hold so dear . if you are both on the same wavelength mentally , who knows what else is possible ? $ sometimes feelings bubble up from within the depths of our own being , and can create waves in a pond that was calm and still . the current astral configuration could have just this effect today , causing you to question your relationship with someone special that up until now had been perfectly satisfactory . do not make any hasty judgments , as you may have a different idea about them tomorrow . $ no matter what is causing the problem between you and a loved one today , you will feel a lot better once it is sorted out . the current astral energy indicates that you sense a barrier to real communication between you , which , for you , is always hard . first find a way to let your honey know how special they are to you , and then gently broach the subject that is troubling you . the barrier is sure to come tumbling down . $ life is for living , and you could do a lot of this today , with the current astral alignment . if you have found yourself resisting the urge to tell a loved one exactly how you feel , then you will discover that today , in stark contrast , you want to shout it from the rooftops and let everyone know . your reluctance to share vanishes in a powerful surge of deep emotion . $ today 's celestial energy brings with it an opportunity to bring back some warmth into a personal relationship that may have gone a little icy of late . whatever the reason for the lack of communication , the cosmos has conveniently turned the heat up so that any difficulties between you will gradually melt away . to start off , you could both begin by giving each other a wonderful huge hug . $ romance is more a question of talking about the right things with someone rather than having the right feelings for them - that is , if you are set on impressing them . the planetary energies indicate that if you can get a toe in the door by showing them that you share their passionate interests , then you will succeed in many others way as well . $ today 's aspect at play could mean that a brainwave has a powerful impact on your current relationship . if you have both been trying to get a mutual project off the ground , but have so far run up against innumerable obstacles , then you can expect them to be blown out of the way by an idea that seems completely obvious , and yet it also totally brilliant . tonight , you can celebrate . $ the current astral configuration implies that you may have to do less fantasizing and aimless talking and more structuring and planning as far as your love life and relationships are concerned . if you have been happy to allow everything to hang loose and see what happens , then this may now be viewed as a very unsatisfactory arrangement . you will suddenly want more certainty and more security . $ if your head feels as though it is stuffed full of cotton wool , this could be due to the influence of the current planetary alignment . if you have arranged to get to know someone better , then try to remember their details correctly . also make sure that your conversations are soft and flowing , rather than harsh and linear . $ today is wonderful for all kinds of flirting , including any plans virtual or otherwise - that you have on for tonight . with the current planetary energy , you will probably start off by finding out about each other 's intellectual ideas and tastes , opinions , and views before considering other matters . however , there seems to be a basic harmony between you that helps you to get on just fine . you will enjoy it ! $ do not sweat the small stuff in your relationship today , as your attention is far better given to much bigger , more exciting , and definitely more challenging issues . the current planetary influences may indicate a slight holdup in both of you getting where you want to be , but do not despair , or think that perhaps it is not meant to be . if you can be patient , everything will be fine . $ the current aspect at play means that you have a chance for a certain much needed discussion to take place between you and a loved one . the only danger being that it could get more than a little heated if the subject of family comes to the surface . if you want to remain on fairly good terms , choose your words carefully , and express them gently ; do not inflame the situation . $ the current aspect at play gives you an opportunity to see someone close to you in a new light . the only problem is that you may have to adjust your former ideas about them , as these now prove to be something of an illusion . this brings you nearer in one way , and yet in another creates more distance . by talking , you will once again meet on common ground . $ today 's astral energy may mean that someone decides to take the first step toward getting to know you much more deeply and intimately . they may ask you out to dinner , if possible , but it is not so much where you both go that counts , but the magic that seems to run throughout the occasion . you will both be thrilled to have gotten together at last . $ the planetary energies activate your social life to the extent that you may wonder just what has hit you . a chance online encounter may prove very fortunate as far as romance is concerned , although you may not immediately recognize this potential in the person you encounter . your first impression is likely to be of someone who is a fast communicator , knows their own mind , and has plenty to say . $ it is through one particularly enlightening conversation that you really get to appreciate a friend in a totally different light . the current aspect means that chance may bring you together and give you the opportunity to get to know each other more deeply . it is during this time that you discover the potential for romantic involvement between you . you were obviously destined to meet . $ it seems that you cannot fail today , with the interplay of planetary energies on your side . whatever romantic interactions you have , you will find that they are extremely successful , and that you are clearly someone else s main priority . because of your supreme confidence , you may find that one particular person is extremely attracted to you and wants to engage you in some artful conversation . right now , you have nothing to lose . $ the current astral energy may mean you are thinking of bringing one particular relationship to a close , as from your perspective it seems to have run its course . but before you have that terminal conversation , think about your motives for getting involved in the first place . if you can do so with clarity , you may realize that you have reached a plateau rather than the end . $ the current planetary energies may encourage you to relax more as far as one potential date is concerned , rather than running around like a headless chicken trying to make the right kind of impression . the more laid - back and apparently indifferent you are to their good looks and charming ways , the more they will find you absolutely irresistible . so , play it cool , yet keep up the mysterious allure . $ the current astral configuration implies that you have a chance to develop a relationship that is based on spiritual ideas and attitudes , rather than the more ego - based principles that usually dominate peoples lives together . you may have wanted a partnership in which you felt that you were literally growing with another person , so take the opportunity whilst you can , as you are now ready for the challenge . $ your overall confidence is strong . you are at a high point with regard to your career so embrace your inner strength . ideas from someone older and or more experienced than you are likely to prove extremely valuable today so heed his or her advice . $ what others see as wrong or undesirable may be exactly the career opportunity that you have been looking for . you are likely to spot tremendous potential in something that others discard without a second glance . embrace your strength today . $ loyalty to your work is a key part of your success - especially today . demonstrate this loyalty by going a step beyond what is expected of you . if you do not feel the desire to dedicate yourself to this degree at your current job , then find a new one . $ try not to get too emotionally caught up in your work today . remember that it is just a job . there is no sense in tearing your own mental sanity apart for the sake of your employer . emotionally distance yourself from the results of your work . $ presentation is extra important today . make sure that your projects and assignments are flawless . display an air of confidence and strength . even if you do not feel confident , fake it . no one will ever know the difference . hold your head high and you will go far . $ do not tell your boss how to do his or her job today . the backlash that would come could be quite detrimental to the future of your employment at your current workplace . you are better off postponing your thoughts for a day or two . $ if you have been waiting for a favorable time to ask for a promotion or a raise , now is a good time to make your move . energy is moving in your favor so take advantage of it by asking for the leg - up that you know you rightly deserve . $ small opportunities have the potential to turn into big opportunities today as long as you are willing to make the commitment to make them so . take a small idea and make it bigger . by doing so , you will take a small amount of money and it will grow . $ your career situation is coming to a climactic point . for the next four weeks , you will find yourself at an important junction . assess your progress over the past six months and figure out a way to improve the situation for the next six months . $ you are caught in a difficult quandary today . do you proceed on your current project with an aggressive , risky approach , or do you go with a more reserved , conservative tactic ? be sure to explore both options thoroughly before you decide . $ most people you communicate with professionally will be on an emotional edge today so be careful . find solid ground and stick to it . your productivity depends highly on your ability to remain emotionally stable . it will be harder than you think but do not give up . $ you feel trapped with regard to your current career situation . you long for freedom , but this concept seems like a far - off dream that may never come true . hang in there , and do not worry . the work you 're doing now will soon lead to the freedom you seek . $ opposition is likely to come your way today . do not think for a minute that you will be able to avoid it . you might as well just stand up and face the situation head on instead of trying to hide away and pretend that you had nothing to do with it . $ your patience and perseverance will be put to the test . recognition from authority figures will not come easy , so do not expect too much from them . for now , most of the reward associated with your career will be through your own pats on the back . $ goal setting is important . if you do not have goals on your mind - both short term and long term - then how do you know if you are on the right path ? make sure you have a plan laid out and that you are consciously working towards your goals . $ your mindset will be fixed in one spot today , making it difficult for others to sway you in any direction . be careful here . having too rigid an attitude will get you into trouble . be willing to change according to the developments around you . $ you may lay solid plans during the morning but trying to follow through with these plans in the afternoon will be easier said than done . unexpected events towards the end of the day will create a great deal of havoc . be willing to adapt . $ try not to get sidetracked today . other people may come to you with their brilliant ideas for your consideration . most likely , you do not have time for this . you need to concentrate on other things . make sure you prioritize so you do not fall behind . $ you will feel off - balance with the people in your office today . it seems that everyone is operating under a different wavelength , making it difficult for you to connect with people the way you need to . this is not the day to force a team effort . $ a decision you made about two weeks ago is likely to backfire today . perhaps you were so focused on the details back then that you failed to notice the big picture . now , this oversight is causing you a great deal of difficulty . admit your mistakes . $ this is not the time to conform to the energy around you . today is a day in which you will be much more successful when you stand out from the crowd and demonstrate to others that you have a unique gift to share . be your outrageous self . $ you will feel slightly out of sync with the people around you today . try not to blame yourself for this phenomenon . realize that this simply has to do with the difficult cosmic energy of the day . relations will be better tomorrow . wait it out . $ volunteer to take on an extra task today . when someone declares that there is a bit of extra work to be done , do not be afraid to jump on it . doing so will put you in good favor with your superiors and will lead to big opportunities down the road . $ volunteer to take on an extra task today . when someone declares that there is a bit of extra work to be done , do not be afraid to jump on it . doing so will put you in good favor with your superiors and will lead to big opportunities down the road . $ the facts you collect today will be very important to you later on . make sure the information you receive is well organized so that you can easily understand it down the road . there is no need to draw any conclusions today . simply collate the data . $ your ability to adapt to situations and people will be extremely valuable today . most people will be in gridlock , but you are able to move freely among many people and many different ideas . appreciate and utilize this wonderful gift . $ this is one of those days in which people may talk a great deal but end up saying nothing . there is plenty of chatter , but not much substance . do your best to filter through fluff in order to extract at least one useful idea out of the conversation . $ your mind will deceive you today . most likely , your thoughts are centered more in fantasy than in reality . bounce ideas off others before moving forward with something you have just conjured up out of the blue . others will help set you straight . $ you will feel a tremendous amount of tense and nervous energy today . you are restless with anxiety and you may feel as if the world is caving in on you . take plenty of breaks today in which you can get outside and take a walk around the block . $ make sure there are elements of your work that you truly believe in . if you are not mentally and spiritually committed to what you are doing , then why do it ? because of the money ? trust that you can earn money doing something you are passionate about . $ you are in a very difficult bind today and it seems that the more you struggle to get yourself free , the more tightly you are bound to your situation . you may want to consider a new approach since it is clear that the old one is not working . $ you suffer job - related frustration since everyone else seems to be getting all the praise and attention , while you are the one actually doing all the work . try to keep the focus more on what you are doing instead of what everyone else is doing . $ someone you work with is likely to abuse his or her position of power today . just because he or she has authority over you do not mean that this person is allowed to be disrespectful to you . be careful of letting a situation go too far . $ more than one person might try to tell you how to do your job today . listen with only one ear . most likely , this person do not know much about anything you are involved with - so do not let him or her have too much of an influence on your day . you know best . $ you will feel a great deal of pressure today from the people around you . you feel the need to achieve a certain level of performance with absolute perfection . most of this pressure is actually coming from within , not from others . go easy on yourself . $ at a time in which you were hoping to celebrate tremendous success on something you have been working on , you may become quite distraught as you realize that you have forgotten one very important detail : the big picture . not all hope is lost . $ take a more revolutionary approach today . at first you may feel like you are going out on an unsteady limb by doing so , but once you take this leap of faith , you will find many helping hands to support you . you cannot go wrong with forward thinking . $ people are on your side today - so do not worry . it is easy for you to interpret silence to mean that other people are against you , but this is not the case . you have more support than you realize . trust that leaps of faith will be fully supported . $ transformation is possible on a day like today . the energy is right for you to take a fresh new start on an old problem . tackling old problems with old remedies is no longer going to work . you will find success when you find a new solution . $ being more assertive is the only way you will get anywhere today . no one is going to cater to your needs and ask how you are doing and feeling . if you want something done , you need to do it . if you want your needs met , you need to express them . $ you may feel that someone has unexpectedly shifted the gears on the car you are driving and suddenly , the work you are doing is taking you backward instead of forward . this may seem like a negative thing at first but realize that it is necessary . $ lately you may have been feeling like you were getting left behind in your career . now people are starting to realize that they cannot move forward without you . others appreciate you tremendously , whether they express this openly or not . $ your overall confidence is solid today , so do not let this be shaken up by someone - probably a male - who takes an aggressive tone with you . just because someone is being more assertive do not mean that he or she is right . trust yourself . $ unfortunately , you are not able to make the connections you want to today . people you call are unavailable and your keynote speaker is unable to attend the virtual meeting you scheduled . accept this and trust that these things have happened for the best . $ remember that you do not always have to do everything by the book . sometimes the best ideas are born out of sheer bravery and fearlessness toward the unknown . today is your day to color outside of the lines . doing so will surely lead to success . $ you are having a difficult time right now fitting in with the energy around you . your ideas are being shot down and you are not feeling very useful or productive at work . hang in there , and do not worry . this negativity will pass . $ all around , this is not a very strong day for you . unfortunately , there may be no way around this . even your well - laid plans may backfire , thanks to unseen events and influences . do not be too hard on yourself when not everything turns out right . $ friction between you and the people around you is a given . ease this tension by letting your sensitive , compassionate side shine through . furthermore , if you feel like you are being hurt in some way , speak up . others will flock to your side . $ someone will try to use you like a puppet . be careful of other people taking advantage of your talents and calling on you to do things that are not in your job description . your amenable nature may be quick to say yes , when really , you should say no . $ go out of your way to do a favor for someone else today . your natural tendency may be to put yourself above everyone else , but today is not the time to have such an attitude . instead , you should offer a helping hand to a fellow co - worker . $ action you take today may significantly annoy someone else in your workplace . other people 's moods are going to put a damper on you and your work , but this is no reason to slow down or change course . continue on regardless of others . $ money matters are high on the agenda . take the time to address these issues carefully . you will be extremely efficient with numbers , spreadsheets , and bank statements . attention you pay to budget - related issues will be well worth your while . $ an idea you had a while back is finally receiving the positive recognition that it deserves . now it is your turn to review the plan and scan for any potential pitfalls . this may require reviewing data that you have already gone over , but that 's fine . $ communication with others will be clear and concise . you will be able to get your point across with very little effort on your part . write reports , make phone calls , and send e - mails . every sort of communication is highly favored for you . $ unexpected opposition will come your way . do not let this throw you off balance . most likely , you can integrate this new information very effectively into your current routine . work to collaborate instead of automatically disregarding or dismissing . $ your mind is spinning faster than usual . in order to be productive during this confusing time , weed out the useless gossip from the important facts . otherwise , your head will get so cluttered with useless drivel that you will not think straight at all . $ take time out of your workday to clean and organize the area around your workplace . your domestic instincts are kicking in and it is a good time to capitalize on this energy . having a nice solid base to work from will help you tremendously . $ someone 's bossy attitude is rubbing you the wrong way . be sure to confront this person and explain how his or her actions are affecting you . do not be mean or rude about the issue . instead , focus on your own feelings and the respect they deserve . $ you are having a difficult time working together with a partner since you have your eye on tightening the budget , while he or she has his or her eyes on expanding it . do your best to find a workable compromise to this difficult problem . $ putting a smile on your face will help cheer up others and create a fantastic work environment for everyone . overall , people will be in good spirits . flattery will go over much better than criticism will , so keep negative thoughts to yourself . $ take a more optimistic attitude to the job you are doing . when you do , you will find that tremendous support comes your way naturally . if you are looking for a new job , be sure to display your upbeat and jovial side to prospective employers . $ although you have felt out of the loop during the past couple of days , there is no reason to give up on yourself or your ability to keep up with the competition . you will find that the tables have turned and now you are the one calling the shots . $ your tendency is to think that you have everything under control and working smoothly as a top . this is not exactly the case . what you are failing to notice is the big picture . taking a step back will reveal much more of the truth . $ someone you work with is taking shortcuts and being rather lazy overall . meanwhile , you are slaving away and doing twice the work that he or she is doing . do not get angry . the other person will get what he or she deserves , and so will you . $ sorting out all the details will not get you any further to the truth . you need to listen to your gut . let your instincts take over . the cosmos asks you to put rational thinking aside so that your intuitive mind has a chance to call the shots . $ the financial goals and dreams you have require focus . such windfalls of money and good fortune are not going to happen without conscious work on your part . this is a good day to fill in the blanks with regard to deliberate steps you need to take . $ you have more physical drive than usual , so use it . you can stay up later and get up earlier while still being strong and confident throughout the day . balance your work with regular exercise as well . you 've got plenty of energy to burn . $ so many ideas are likely to cross your path that you will become quite overwhelmed by the thought of having to decide one way or another . remember that everything is not set in stone forever . you can always change your mind . $ a major planetary shift happens today that will set the tone for the next four weeks . you can be quite confident that this shift will be for the better . your vitality is strong , and your confidence is up . you will make great strides in your career . $ integrate ideas that you normally disregard . instead of blatantly discounting concepts that are foreign to you , now is the time to creatively integrate them into your work regime . success is yours when you open the door to other possibilities . $ in order to advance in your career , you will need to take some risks on faith . have a solid base to work from , but do not be afraid to branch outward into the unknown . let yourself dream and expand instead of sticking only to familiar territory . $ your ideas are very timely ; so , do not hesitate to get them out to others as soon as possible . electronic means are key for spreading the word . send out e - mails and instant messages . you will get responses back as fast as lightning . progress is made . $ feel free to take shortcuts in order to climb your way to the top . listen to tips from those who have gone down your path before . the best approach may not necessarily be the one that is the most obvious . rely on people instead of manuals . $ your work will become highly emotional - especially this afternoon . your sensitivity is high , and the slightest critical remark will send you into a panic . do not pressure yourself to take on extra work . you do not have to prove yourself to anyone . $ someone will call you for the most important job interview of your life , but he or she forgets to leave a number and you have no way of getting a hold of this person . mishaps like these will be quite common over the next three and a half weeks . $ try not to get sucked into other people 's dramas . the workplace will be in a state of whirlwind confusion and if you ask too many questions , you will soon be caught up in a difficult situation that you just cannot seem to escape from . stay out of it . $ take on a more assertive role with the people you encounter . otherwise , you will get pushed around and end up becoming a pawn in someone else 's game . your energy is too valuable . do not fall into this trap . instead , keep focused on yourself . $ do not back down from your position . you are in a favorable situation in which you can accomplish a great deal . pressure may come from someone with a rather arrogant attitude . do not let this faze you . stick to your guns at all times . $ your plan is good , but you cannot get the electronic gadgets and computers to cooperate . you feel as if all forms of technology are against you . do not get frustrated . take a methodical , step - by - step approach . know that you are smarter than your computer . $ work matters will flow quite easily for you today . this does not mean that you should become lazy . in fact , quite the opposite is true . take advantage of this time . you will be much more productive than you ever thought was possible . $ tackle all matters involving insurance . make sure your current policies are up to date . if you do not have insurance - especially on your home - now is the time to look into a policy of that sort . steps you make today will be well worth the effort . $ your mind will be running in circles . there will be so much information coming at you that it will be next to impossible to make any sort of decision . go with your first instinct and do not waste the rest of the day second - guessing yourself . $ do not waste too much of your time listening to other people 's right ideas . you know your plan , so stick to it instead of getting thrown off your path by people who claim they know your job better than you do . listen to your inner voices . $ do not repeat the same mistakes twice . look deep into your memory and think back to when you fought these similar battles before . you are much wiser now . adjust your course accordingly , in order to avoid a pitfall that you have seen before . $ you are in a very favorable position in many ways . you have a solid grasp of the concepts at hand while at the same time you are tuned in and sensitive to other people 's emotions . communication with others goes extremely well , thanks to these factors . $ look to other people for advice on a technical gadget that you know nothing about . spending hours searching through the manual will be a waste of time . turn to others for the support that you are looking for . the answer is easier than you think . $ be confident with your words and actions . the more confident you are , the more others will be confident of you and your work . you have every reason to believe that you are on the right track . now is not the time to doubt yourself in any way . $ do not jump the gun on a project you are currently involved with . not all the pieces are in place yet - so be patient . this is one of those times in which a hasty move can completely shatter all the preparation work that you have done so far . $ get out of your rut and say yes to an offer that you would normally turn down without giving it a second thought . risks taken today will pay off quite handsomely . there is no need to fear the future . have faith instead of doubt in your actions . $ a good deed you have done for someone else is going to bring you great reward today . it is possible that this very same person will do something helpful for you . it is also possible that this favor comes from someone completely unrelated . $ show off more of your charming personality in the workplace . you will find that a witty conversation and a smile will get you further than anything else will . spend the day chatting on the phone if you want . the connections you make are important . $ whenever you offer a suggestion , you will find that it is not met with the respect and positive feedback that you were hoping for . for some reason , your ideas are not matched with other people 's ideas very well . you may just want to lie low . $ keep your mouth closed , since whatever you say may come out the wrong way . your words are likely to have quite a bite to them . everything will have an added dose of intensity and drama , so be prepared . people are on an emotional edge . $ before you move forward , you need to take a few steps backward . only after you are able to evaluate the past will you be able to take your next step into the future with confidence . it may seem like a waste of time , but trust that it is for the best . $ for the last three weeks , you have found that relations with others on the whole have been quite feisty and aggressive . now , the tune changes , and you will find that the next three weeks brings a time of greater understanding and cooperation with others . $ someone is trying to convince you to jump aboard his or her train . use caution here . what is good for that person is not necessarily good for you . this person has great enthusiasm about his or her situation , but that do not mean you need to join in . $ others around you are validating you for your hard work and conscious , meticulous efforts . this positive feedback sure feels good , and it should . you have earned it . today you are feeling so good that you are even willing to go a step further . $ your mind is able to sort things out with ease . you see things as they are , and you are very rational with your decisions . the problem is that someone is showing off and he or she is trying to upstage you . do not get pulled off track . be confident . $ lately it has been difficult for you to get a clear mental picture on anything . today , however , some difficult cosmic energy lifts , thereby easing this burden and bringing greater mental clarity to your world . $ today marks the start of a four - week cycle in which you will feel much more challenged in your career . you will encounter obstacles during this period , and you will realize that you need to adjust your course of action in order to be successful . $ you have an overlying feeling that everyone else 's business is your responsibility . you instinctively want to have your fingers in many different pies . be careful of crossing the line from helpful advice into hurtful gossip or harsh judgment . $ your instincts are keeping you hot on the trail of a wonderful new opportunity for you . you may hit a couple of small obstacles today , but this is no reason for you to throw in the towel at this point . be optimistic and do not stop now . $ just when you thought you were done fighting the battles , new battles arise out of nowhere . try not to get overwhelmed or stressed out . this may not be so easy to do . call friends that you can rely on who you know will help calm you down . $ you are getting frustrated and tangled up in knots because you have so many choices and so much energy but very little direction about which way to proceed . take some time by yourself to quiet your mind and meditate . look inward for the answers . $ you are bending over backwards to serve others and to make sure that everything goes smoothly for the people around you . now ask yourself if you are really doing enough to serve yourself . make sure you are addressing your own needs as well . $ instead of going after more , it is better for you to protect and develop what you already have . you may have a feeling that you need to reach out and conquer , but really , you need to be on the defense . security and protection are key concepts . $ the atmosphere around work has momentarily slowed , giving you time to catch up on the stacks of to - do lists that have been building up on your desk . a mountain has formed , but do not worry . you will conquer that mountain , one step at a time . $ you are feeling rather conservative and this is fine . a cautious attitude will serve you well . be the defensive driver in the workplace today . you never know when someone is going to pull an unexpected maneuver and cut right in front of you . $ the more people you ask , the more and more opinions you will get , making it increasingly harder for you to decide . at some point you need to stop soliciting advice and you need to turn inward and listen to only yourself for the answers . $ even if you are not at work today , work will be on your mind thanks to someone who calls and asks you a work - related question . keep in mind that you are not obligated to field this question right now . most likely , it can wait until monday . $ give your mind a hiatus from work . you deserve a mental break . even if you find yourself at work today , take many breaks and try not to be too emotionally involved in anything that you do . form a mental separation to protect yourself . $ you have already analyzed a certain point to complete exhaustion . trying to analyze it even more will not get you any further toward a decision . instead , you need to let your instincts take over . what does your gut say about this issue ? $ use your deductive reasoning to figure out a solution to a problem that has been plaguing you for a while now . you have all the clues you need . now you just need to piece them together in a way that makes sense . play the role of a private detective . $ a career move is at hand . ideas will come your way now and during the next few days that will inspire you to learn a new skill , trade , or profession . go with these instincts and do not be scared . fear of failure is your worst enemy at this time . $ you have so much going through your mind right now that it is hard to make heads or tails out of any of it . the important thing for you is to share your ideas with others . talking things out is the key . others will give you sound and useful advice . $ other people will say or do things today that will threaten to throw you off balance . do not let their actions affect you . you are on the right track so do not doubt yourself for even a second . your emotional confidence is strong and unrivaled . $ what you think is least likely to happen probably will . when making long - term plans , you must keep in mind that there are hundreds of unexpected variables to account for . stay flexible - especially during the next few months . $ the day begins on a very confident note . as the hours pass , you are likely to feel more and more trepidation toward the week ahead . make a solid plan in the morning before this fear sets in and makes it difficult for you to accomplish anything . $ there is a tremendous restlessness in the atmosphere at work that is making it difficult for you to follow through on anything . instead of focusing , you continue to switch tasks and second - guess yourself . consciously take deep breaths often . $ stick close to your home base today - whether this is your desk , your station , or your actual home . either way , this home base is where you will be most efficient in getting your work done . your ability to stay focused will be quite strong . $ the incredible stress around you is having a very negative impact on your psyche , whether you realize it or not . do your best not to internalize the difficult tension that is going on at work . this kind of energy is not yours to take on . $ friction will develop automatically , thanks to your inherent indecisive nature . it will be hard to deal with others since they will be just as indecisive as well . a difficult stalemate is likely to result . do your best to stay grounded and not waiver . $ at first you will enjoy the barrage of information that comes your way in the next two weeks , but eventually you will slow down and become confused by it . the key during this period is to take things one step at a time . try not to get overwhelmed . $ you will continue to be surprised as the events of the day unfold . you cannot expect anything to turn out as you have planned . put all work and all thoughts about work aside and truly let yourself go with the flow . be spontaneous . $ even if you are at home right now , you will find yourself applying work principles to the tasks you need to deal with around the house . do not be afraid to do so . this will help you make the work go much more smoothly and efficiently . $ the great plan you conjured up over the weekend that you were hoping to implement this morning has been shot down by unexpected events that you simply had not taken into consideration . do not blame yourself . these events came out of the blue . $ today is the opening day in a two - month battle that you will have with someone in the workplace , or maybe even a battle that you will feel within yourself . either way , you need to be prepared for a clash that will shake up your way of thinking . $ you will get extremely frustrated with people who are slacking on the job while you are working extra hard . their lazy , careless attitude is really starting to get on your nerves . this is not healthy . focus on yourself and do not worry about others . $ prioritize your agenda before you get started . it will be very easy for you to get sidetracked on a project that is not so important . before you know it , you will have wasted away half the day , when you should 've been concentrating on something else . $ do not get upset and frustrated when the numbers do not add up . go back to a serene place , drink a cup of decaf and relax . put a nice song in your head and the day will go much more smoothly . there is always time to take a break and mentally relax . $ now is a time when you should be cashing in on all your hard work over the past ten months . for the next four weeks , you will find that you are bringing a large cycle to a close . tie up any loose ends and reap the rewards that you deserve . $ do not try to do everything at once - including other people 's jobs . even if you 're not working today , you may be planning out how you and some of your co - workers can do your jobs better . just worry about yourself . $ job tension eases as you and that troublesome co - worker find common ground . when you discover something that you can both relate to , your sense of connection will assuage any difficulties , even in this time of social distance . $ your creative juices are flowing , and you are feeling very confident about your work . your artistic gifts will shine through in every task you undertake . do not be afraid to ignore emails and calls so that you can concentrate fully on your own projects . $ your incredible sensitivity and ability to tune in to other people 's needs is a greater asset than you think - especially today and even when working remotely . a key piece of the puzzle falls into place when you rely on this sixth sense instead of automatically doubting it . $ your work will involve a bit of extra travel . you may not go to the other end of the earth , but you will find yourself running around different places around town and perhaps to neighboring towns as well . this change in scenery is good for you . $ resist the urge to clean and organize everything in sight - including other people 's desks and workspaces . once you get started on a cleaning project , it will be difficult for you to stop and you will miss out on valuable information coming your way . $ there will be a constant dialogue in your mind that you just cannot seem to shake . perhaps you are inventing conversations that you will have with your co - workers and or employees once the workweek begins . do something to quiet your mind . $ you may be more emotional than usual . get used to it . this trend will continue for the next few weeks and will permeate through every aspect of your work . be good to yourself - and others . be sensitive to the concerns of those around you . $ communication will be stern and focused between everyone . even though this may not be the atmosphere that creates light - hearted , fun times involving work , it will facilitate in getting some important things accomplished . $ today you might have a lot of items on your to - do - list . although some will be pleasant ones - others may not be but nonetheless you could have some difficulties getting them all out of the way . you might have to put some off until another day . go with the flow ! $ today you could be handling some powerful , assertive personalities in your workplace . you might need to be extra patient with anyone who is trying to push your buttons ! a gentle but firm posture will soon encourage them to tone it down , and then you can get things done ! $ beware of those who are too flighty . you are tempted to get caught up with people who are fun and creative , but who do not have their feet firmly planted on the ground . make sure you associate with people who help you , not throw you off balance . $ relations with others you work with are not going to be especially strong during the next three weeks . your magic charm do not seem to be working as well as it usually does . others are more serious and moodier . do your best to understand . $ your mood improves a great deal , and you are wondering why you could not have felt this good earlier in the week when it really mattered . now is not the time to have regrets about the past . this will do you no good . enjoy the present . $ what you see in front of you is just a facade . do not get too excited about a great opportunity that offers many rewards . there is fine print that needs to be addressed . if you agree to a deal now , you will get much less than you bargained for . $ you have strong pillars of support all around you . there are guiding lights helping to point the way use these people and resources and you will get ahead . you are at a starting point . clear off your desk of the garbage and begin something new . $ bringing balance to any situation will be easier said than done . you may discover that the best way to create harmony with people you work with is to take things to the extremes . only by understanding both ends of the spectrum will you strike a balance . $ do your work with passion . this is not a time to be floundering . do not waste time and energy trying to make a decision , just make one and go for it . embrace tasks with great conviction and you will be rewarded by everyone around you . $ you may wonder why everyone has such a sour look on his or her face . look at your own face in the mirror . do you have a sour face as well ? perhaps what you are seeing in others is your own face reflected back at you . put on a happy face instead . $ you are feeling trapped . perhaps you feel as if your employers do not fully appreciate the work you are doing . maybe they have you in a situation that is very limited . you need to be in a position in which you can stretch your wings and fly . $ you are a lover . you love to be loved , and you often follow your heart above all else . just make sure that this desire for love is not having an adverse effect on your career and work life in general . take the time to assess your situation and plan . $ work and career matters are a mystery to you right now . everything surrounding this topic is extremely uncertain . you are unsure of how to proceed . turn inward at this time . you know more than you give yourself credit for . summon your courage . $ fear is upon you . perhaps you fear change . perhaps you fear stagnation . perhaps you fear letting go of a job that no longer serves you . do not be afraid ! have confidence that the universe supports you and will take care of you at all times . $ someone will pick you up and take you under his or her wing . this extra support will be of great benefit to you now . do not resist this assistance . this boost is the exact key that you are looking for . together you can soar to new heights . $ you are tempted to put in only a half - hearted effort at work . your job has lost its charm and now you only feel obliged to help out a little bit . keep in mind that you can only skate by in this manner for so long . you may need to find another job . $ communication is clouded . you say things to people , but they do not fully understand you . be careful of using too much of your sarcastic humor . others are not likely to get your jokes , and the misunderstanding will continue . be straightforward . $ you will find yourself daydreaming and this is fine . let your mind go . you will obtain great insight when you do not restrict yourself in any way . your fantasies are very valuable - they will help lead the way to the next step in your career . $ a work - related issue has reached a critical point whether you are at work or not . despite today 's activities , this issue is bouncing around in the back of your mind and demanding your attention . take care of it now so you can move on with your day . $ even if you are not at work today , you may be rather anxious just thinking about it . this is not a very strong point in the month , and you are already dreading what is in store for you on monday morning . put work out of your mind and relax . $ employers will be watching you work . they will be taking careful stock of your actions and your productivity . it is important for you to be efficient and mindful of the quality of work that you are producing . put your best foot forward . $ expensive gadgets will not necessarily make your job easier . do not buy into a gimmick just because everyone else is . you may waste more time trying to figure out how to run this new apparatus than if you were to just do things the old - fashioned way . $ you may note a shift in energy - one that is quite significant . this is the start of a four - week period during which you should make one final push toward accomplishing your yearly goals . work with others to finish up the big projects you 've started . $ everything is going very smoothly for you . your wit and charm are appreciated and loved by everyone around you . jokes and stories you relay in the lunchroom or during break time become high points of the day . you 've won the hearts of others . $ while most people are wasting the day away , you are actually quite productive . you have many things on your plate , but surprisingly , you are able to take care of everything in a flash . your quick mind is running at top speed . you are on fire . $ you sense internally that you have a specific and important role to play in the world . this role is very much linked to your ultimate career destiny . look inward to find out if you are truly on target with this goal . search within for answers . $ you have a good perspective from where you are sitting at the current time . you understand where you are and where you would like to go . not everyone around you supports your ultimate dream . you may want to move these people out of your life . $ even if you are standing alone , you need to be secure . many times , you only feel stable when there are others around you who can hold you up . today you need to hold yourself up on your own instead of looking to others for the support you need . $ this is your time to shine . you have more clout in your career than you think you do . other people respect you and believe in your ideas . push your agenda through to the top of the pile . it will get noticed and you will achieve success . $ make sure that your communication is genuine and passionate . if there is an undertone of anger , frustration , or unhappiness , the people you are communicating with will not be very responsive or supportive of your needs . be honest and stay positive . $ do not over - analyze every small detail that crosses your path . once you start this trend , you will not be able to stop . you will end up wasting a great deal of time . paying attention to details is important but obsessing over them is detrimental . $ communication between you and your co - workers is especially strong today . feel free to get together with others in a casual setting , if possible , in order to build relations between you and toss some ideas around that will help you accomplish your career goals . $ do not make your next big career move until you have taken the time to look back and reflect on where you have been and what you have done . review the mistakes you have made - both short - term and long - term so that you do not make these mistakes again . $ as much as you may want to charge ahead today , you are better off slowing down . use this day to plan - not necessarily to act . demonstrate to the people in your workplace that you are not going to make another move before you are on solid ground . $ be reserved with what you tell others . you may not realize how you affect people . the danger is that you will accidentally hit send on an email that is not meant for your boss or one of your co - workers to see . use discretion or you will find yourself in the doghouse . $ you are in a fantastic position to move forward with regard to your career . if you are feeling as if your current job is not fully satisfying you , do not hesitate to quit and move on to something else . a much more exciting opportunity awaits you . $ the energy of the day encourages you to expand . think big . this is your time to shine . apply for a promotion or a raise . put your resume out there to a company that you never thought would hire you in a million years . success is yours . embrace it . $ get your ideas down on paper instead of letting them fly out the opposite ear they went in . make sure that this is not a piece of scrap paper that will soon get tossed accidentally in the wastebasket . your ideas are good - use today to organize them . $ stay focused on the tasks at hand instead of getting lost in a daydream . most likely , you will not find it hard to stay on track today - in fact , you have the potential to get quite a bit done . you are able to accomplish more than you think . $ your ideas are more inventive and cutting edge than usual today so pay attention to the flashes of brilliance that will come your way during the workday . these ideas can take you quite far if you take the initiative to implement them properly . $ communication with others your work with is especially strong today and you will find that anything you say will travel around to the ears of your co - workers like wildfire . do not say anything that you would not want to get back to your boss . $ there is a good balance of old and new ideas filtering through your head today , making it easier for you to make an educated decision on your next major career move . do not be afraid to embrace a new idea while paying attention to older traditions . $ explosive dialogue will escalate regarding work , and most likely , you will be a big part of it . keep in mind that this verbal conflict may be just the thing that is needed to clear the air for better relationships all around . do not fear it . $ other people are difficult for you to deal with today . co - workers have a rather moody aspect to them that is making it hard for you to effectively communicate with anyone . you are better off tabling any important issues to another day . $ keeping your mind on the task at hand may be virtually impossible today . even if you are able to mentally focus , you will not be able to engage any drive or passion into your work . call it quits early today . there is no sense in fighting yourself . $ take the initiative today . do not wait for others to give you the green light . take control of the situation yourself . there is no reason for you to wait any longer just because other people are slacking . take this opportunity to get ahead . $ your skills as a diplomat will be put to the test today . angry communications will spring up all around and you will be called on to sort out the broken pieces . trust that you can indeed bring peace to an extremely volatile situation . $ do not let a special opportunity pass you by . someone will say something casually in passing that may spark your interest . do not let this inspiration die . jot down this idea , phone number , or contact name . this is the big one you 've been waiting for . $ organize your workspace today . you will be much more efficient overall if you are operating in a space that is neat , well laid out , and clutter - free . do not be afraid to invest the time it takes to establish a better working environment for yourself . $ your fast - talking , quick - thinking ways will come in extra handy today . there will be many opportunities in which you will need to be thinking on your feet . trust yourself to make these spontaneous decisions instead of spending hours deliberating . $ your overall mood is quite good today , setting the tone for a very productive workday . today is a good day to ask for favors from someone that you normally might avoid altogether . others will be very amiable and supportive of your needs . $ you may feel you have lost your edge in the career world today . do not throw up your arms completely . this feeling is only temporary . remember that in order to be successful in the business world , you need to roll with the punches . keep your chin up . $ a little bit of effort will go a long way for you at this time . do not underestimate your power to accomplish what is most important to you with regard to your career . circumstances around you are in your favor so take advantage of this favorable time . $ you will have a significant amount of breathing space today , so take advantage of it . assess your situation without getting caught up in the drama surrounding you . this time alone will be extremely valuable with regard to your overall efficiency . $ you are in a period of growth with regard to your career . overall , you are on the upswing . the daily grind may have its ups and downs , but when you step back and look at your situation , you are making significant progress toward larger goals . $ friction regarding work will be a common thing for you today . in an effort to keep the peace , however , you may bite your tongue and hold your anger inside . this is not a healthy tactic . you are better off approaching your agitator head on . $ you have the opportunity to make great strides in your work today by putting together different pieces of the puzzle . you have the unique ability to bridge the gap between different people and make them see their potential when working together . $ someone may come down hard on you for changing your mind so many times today . do not let him or her get you down . there is no reason to think less of yourself or let someone think less of you just because you continue to modify your opinion . $ the connection you have been waiting for will come through today . you have every reason to be optimistic with regard to a project that you have been working on or a deal that you have been hoping for . success is on its way today . congratulations . $ people are a bit jumpy around the office today , so proceed with caution . if someone rubs you the wrong way , try not to lash out at this person too harshly . your tendency may be to do so , even without realizing it . keep hurtful comments to yourself . $ people will come around to your side today and realize that your artistic approach is best . do not be afraid to show off your incredible imagination . this quality is not something to hide . it is something to be proud of . you have great power there . $ put your foot down today . unless you take a more definitive stand , someone is going to walk all over you . this is not a time to shrink in the background and let someone else make all of your decisions for you . be strong and decisive . $ events and people around you will be moving at lightning speed , but you will have no trouble keeping up . you will feed voraciously on the energy of the day . new ideas will be flowing and any sort of brainstorming work will be a huge success . $ take the initiative to start a new routine for yourself in the workplace today . do not be afraid to bite off more than you think you can chew . you will handle every new task just beautifully . do not doubt yourself . have faith in your abilities . $ take the initiative to start a new routine for yourself in the workplace today . do not be afraid to bite off more than you think you can chew . you will handle every new task just beautifully . do not doubt yourself . have faith in your abilities . $ take care of the basics today . do not try to get ahead of yourself in order to prove to someone else that you are further along than you really are . this will only set you further back in the long run . start at square one and work steadily from there . $ you will be easily frustrated today by the lack of cooperation from the people you work with . normally , you are the one helping to bring people together , but today , you may snap . other people 's immature approach is simply too much for you to handle . $ pay attention to the e - mails that show up in your inbox today . make an extra effort to return phone messages and written inquiries . an important piece of information will come to you via one of these mediums . you do not want to miss out on it . $ your indecisive nature is going to be worse than ever today . looking to other people for advice is only going to confuse you more . thoughts are going to get tangled up in your head and you will not be able to think straight . stop working early . $ combining your creative abilities with your magnificent charm and communicative talents will create a winning combination today that will make you unstoppable . pool your resources together and go for it . you will succeed at whatever you undertake . $ you may get scorned by a superior today for snoozing on the job . do not let anyone see your lazy side , because you will get reprimanded for it . other people are working hard , so you should as well . you will feel better about yourself when you do . $ today is a better day for adapting to current conditions than trying to start something new . any new plans you try to make today will likely be a waste of time . try not to get frustrated with the way things are . just roll with it . $ any risks you take regarding work will most certainly pay off . you are in a position of great power and your confidence is high . do not let this wonderful advantage go to waste . have confidence in yourself and others will have confidence in you . $ in order to be successful today , you need to be more aggressive in your approach . other people are doing just that , and you will find that if you do not follow suit , you will be left behind . be assertive when it comes to getting your two cents in . $ you are in the very beginning stages of an idea . this idea needs to be nurtured and loved . like a newly germinated seed , you need to be extra careful and sensitive to this new idea . let it grow slowly and be patient . it will grow to fruition . $ your vacillating mind will not get much support from others , so you might as well save your energy trying to get advice from the people around you . you are better off doing your own research in books , magazines , and periodicals . your answers are there . $ toward the end of the day , you will finally feel like you are getting the attention and recognition that you deserve . your hard work is finally paying off and other people are realizing how valuable you really are . you do excellent work and it shows . $ it may be hard for you to do your work today without a partner by your side , but trust that you are better off without one . when working alone , you are likely to flourish . you will find that an independent approach works best . trust yourself . $ there are uncomfortable emotional overtones surrounding your job that will add an element of discomfort to whatever you are involved with . do your best to navigate around this extremely sensitive atmosphere . be an active listener instead of a talker . $ you may feel as if all of your allies are turning against you . friendly professional relations are now starting to turn sour . as a result , your mood is likely to turn sour as well . this will only make matters worse . try to stay optimistic . $ everything is exploding around you . you feel as if everything is coming apart . most likely , it is . do not worry . keep your chin up . this is a message from the universe that you need to change and regroup . try a new approach . the old one is not working . $ people may seem to be your friend but be careful . it could be that they are just using you to get what they want . it may be hard to understand people 's motives on a day like this . be cautious and do not give any secrets away to an unreliable source . $ conserve your energy today instead of moving forward on a plan that has not fully solidified . you are better off waiting and coming up with plans b and c rather than moving ahead blindly with plan a . others will gravitate toward your approach . $ there is friction regardless of where you turn , and it may feel as if you cannot do anything right in the workplace . do not automatically assume that you are to blame . you are not . try to stay out of the conflict instead of jumping right into it . $ events continue to be hectic surrounding work and the last thing that exists is peace . do not get too bent out of shape over this fact . realize that this is just a phase and that you can actually benefit by being a bit more assertive yourself . $ other people may want to be left alone today , so do not bother them . just make sure that you do not interpret their actions as an insult toward you . keep in mind that these people just need a bit of freedom and space to get their work done as well . $ you feel as if you need a translator in order to get your ideas across to others . people simply are not catching the wavelength that you are broadcasting on . shrug it off and do not be hard on yourself . you will click at another time so do not worry now . $ just when one problem seems to subside , another one crops up again . today 's work may be an uphill battle for you and the end is nowhere in sight . resist your tendency to throw up your arms in defeat . you will succeed if you really try ! $ an offer will come to you through the internet today that will be quite tempting . considering the state of mind that you are in , you will be easily convinced of the benefits that this offer promises . in short , you will be easily fooled . be careful . $ a conversation you have today is likely to have a very profound effect on you . great transformation may take place as a result of one simple dialogue with someone you encounter during your daily work regime . take these encounters seriously . $ issues in the workplace are going to come to a difficult climax . instead of a cooperative environment , you are likely to step into a warzone . have your guard up and try not to let people 's harsh comments affect you on a personal level . $ a creative and innovative approach is exactly what is needed to remedy today 's difficulties in the workplace . there is no sense trying to depend on old solutions to tackle the same old problems . now is the time to introduce something new . $ you have an important work - related secret that you are hesitant to disclose . this information is vital to the health and collective success of your workplace , but you fear the backlash that this information may create . let the cat out of the bag . $ someone in your workplace , perhaps even your boss , has an important change of heart on an issue that directly pertains to you . this reversal in decision means a big opportunity for you , and possibly even a larger salary . keep your eyes open . $ your thinking may shock others and you may lose support from the very people that you need to make favor with . keep in mind that not everyone agrees with your viewpoint . others are extra conservative at this time , so act accordingly . $ creativity has many different sides and you are in a perfect position to integrate these different facets together to create something quite masterful . combine old traditions with new and innovative techniques . the more imaginative , the better . $ a casual friend becomes an important ally today . keep the lines of communication open between you and this person so that you can both benefit from each other 's perspective of the truth . this alliance will become even more vital down the road . $ look deeper into a conversation that you have with someone today . there is hidden meaning in their words that you need to tune into . do not just take things on a surface level . if you do , you will be missing a very important piece of the puzzle . $ there is a great deal of nervous energy surrounding you . you are feeling pressure from all sides to act or perform a certain way . whether you like it or not , you will be caught in a difficult battle . be patient with others and try not to overreact . $ a male figure you work with or for is likely to be very quarrelsome . this person will use his power to dominate the situation - and people - in whatever way he can . right now , you are better off working with this person than trying to work against him . $ instead of working so hard to cater to other people s needs , let other people revolve around you for a change . take a firm stand but do so with a smile . you certainly have earned the right to have others do favors for you , instead of vice versa . $ a great fire is brewing , and your energy is helping to fuel it , for better or for worse . be sure you believe in what you are doing , because you are only going to get yourself in deeper as time passes . above all , stay true to yourself . $ do not pretend that everything is fine when it is not . when you see errors in the plan , make sure you point them out to others . if you do not , the repercussions down the line will be horrendous . pay attention to details during all stages of the game . $ overall , this is not the best time of year for you , and this is certainly being reflected in your work . keep in mind that this difficulty can be made easier today when you talk frankly with someone you trust . discussing your fears will ease them . $ people will be singing your praises today , and rightly so . you are a wonderful asset to have in the workplace . although you may not be the hardest worker , you are creative , artistic , and you are extremely good at communicating with others . $ you are feeling extremely confident and strong today , yet someone still thinks he or she knows better than you - and this person is going to challenge you on it . be prepared for a showdown . whatever you do , do not back down . both of you can benefit . $ you may have the perfect solution to everyone else 's career dilemmas , but do you have a workable solution to your own ? focus your energy on your own issues instead of working so hard to solve everyone else 's . you cannot control others anyway . $ you may not like the poking and prodding that comes from other people , but this is their way to get you moving in a positive direction . trying to resist this action will only make things worse . you might as well get moving - the sooner the better . $ approach your work with humor and a positive attitude . others will listen to you and believe what you say simply because you have a smile on your face as you say it . your poise and good manners are valuable assets ; so , do not let them go to waste . $ recent frustration with career matters is likely to ease today as a new four - week planetary cycle begins . although overall relations with others may still not be as strong as you would like them to be , you are making progress on the whole . $ you are going through a rough period with regard to your career , and this is fine . do not pretend that everything is wonderful because it 's not . look to others for help and advice , but ultimately realize that only you can make yourself happy . $ work allies are likely to give you a hard time . at first you may get upset at their aggressive nature . upon closer examination , however , you will see that they are doing you a favor . they are helping you see another perspective . $ you have found yourself in a position that you enjoy , but you may be weary of the overall direction that your employer is working toward . feel free to speak your mind on this issue . your viewpoint will receive great respect and consideration . $ your physical energy is strong , giving you the ability to persevere through projects that are long and quite tiresome . use your energy wisely instead of letting it go to waste . concern yourself with your own work instead of other people 's work . $ use the clarity and mental strength you feel in the morning to your advantage . issues are well laid out and easy to understand . the answers will not be so obvious to you in the afternoon . indecision will sink in , and the path will become less clear . $ you will encounter difficult battles in your ongoing war with electronic gadgets over the next three and a half weeks . computers , cameras , and vehicles are likely to break down much more often than you would like them to . brace yourself . $ your levelheaded mind and peaceful nature are important assets . uncomfortable issues will lead to confusion all around . yours will be the voice of reason that people are looking for . be the lighthouse shining brightly to save others from the rocks . $ you will expend more energy and resources trying to avoid confrontation than if you were to actually embrace it . as much as you dislike disharmony with the people around you , today it may be a necessary evil . meet the difficult issues head on . $ someone with a great deal of influence will enter your life today and offer you a fantastic new work opportunity . prove you are worthy of this by demonstrating your trustworthy and stable attitude . a great deal of money comes along with this offer . $ combine creativity with computers . an artistic , imaginative approach is key , but only if you are able to integrate it with the technological advancements of the age . you are in the perfect position to combine both of these aspects into one . $ seek advice from those who are younger than you . although this may not be the automatic response to difficulties you are having , trust that this course of action will most certainly have the results that you are looking for . there is wisdom in youth . $ have more confidence in your work and the way you present it . most of the opinions that your employers have of you stem from your own attitude and your own confidence in the work you do . express yourself with a smile at all times . $ the flashes of creativity you receive will be very important to you . recognize these insights and act on them . it is important that you stimulate this part of your brain in order to balance out all the thinking and data processing you do with the other half . $ someone is trying to explain something to you , but it seems as if he or she is talking in another language . move on . work with the people and explanations that you understand instead of trying to decipher that which is completely unclear . $ do not spend so much time getting ready this morning that you make yourself late for work . a slightly disheveled appearance is better than no appearance at all . swallow your pride . besides , you already look better than most everyone else . $ some people cannot take a joke - especially today . be upfront with people and look them in the eye . you will not earn the respect of those you try to fool with at any level . keep your communication on the straight and narrow at this time . $ it will take you a while to get rolling . the morning will be a waste of time . you will wish that you had stayed in bed another four hours . you might as well . the day do not start for you until the afternoon . give yourself a break until then . $ demonstrate to others that you will not be pushed around . stand up for yourself and exert your power and will . you have wonderful ideas - so let them be heard instead of mumbling them to yourself under your breath when no one is listening . $ when taking the lead on projects or in group situations , make sure that you are respectful of other people 's conservative perspectives . this is one area that could get you into trouble . you may put your foot in your mouth if you are not careful . $ be careful of someone who may be trying to manipulate your choices . you have the power to turn the situation around and use it to your benefit instead . when making decisions , remember that you are the final judge , not someone else . $ be extra aware of your surroundings . you can learn a great deal by simply being attentive to the world around you . information can come from the most unlikely places . all you need to do is look around and observe . listen to others . $ you have the missing ingredient that other people are looking for . you easily know how to patch up disputes in the workplace . you can bridge the gap . there certainly will be differences of opinion today so you will have your work cut out for you . $ you seem to be the main focal point at this time . everyone is turning to you for suggestions and ideas . you like to be in the spotlight whether you admit this or not . now is the time to demonstrate your tremendous value in the workplace . $ although your concentration may be strong , it may be difficult to keep focused , since someone else keeps pushing your buttons . you get the feeling that someone is trying to start a war with you . do not let yourself slip down to their level . $ someone you have been relying on for information is suddenly changing his or her mind . the facts have changed , and you need to pick up the pieces and put them back together in a new way . take your time and be patient with the changing circumstances . $ just because someone else do not completely understand your ideas do not mean that your ideas are no good . relations with others might be a bit off for the next three weeks or so . being aware of this trend will help you navigate the waters better . $ you are willing to commit to a certain extent , but yet you are hesitant to commit all the way . do not be . now is the time to do something with great confidence . either pursue this idea with everything you 've got , or do not pursue it at all . $ take a moment to reflect on your long - term goals . now is the time to get grounded and take a realistic perspective on your situation . in order for you to be successful in the working world , you need to have at least one foot on the ground . $ the truth is right in front of you . you do not need to read between the lines in order to understand what is going on around you . the more you try to read into things today , the more confused you will become . the truth is simple . accept it as it is . $ you will find that energy moves in a more positive direction , starting today . feel free to purchase things with mechanical parts again - they will not break down on you as they have been doing the past three weeks . $ the planetary environment today is creating an overall atmosphere that is more lighthearted , easygoing , and flexible . for the next four weeks , this will be the overlying tone , thereby establishing a much more favorable atmosphere for you to operate in . $ do not be afraid to initiate something . get started on a project or idea that you think is important and other people will follow automatically . you will have a great deal of support with just about anything , so get going on something you believe in . $ your thinking will be creative , yet very grounded , setting up a recipe for great success at work . do not be intimidated by bullies who think they know better than you just because they have been doing the same work longer than you have . $ you have made it to a comfortable place in your career and it may be easy for you to be satisfied with the place you are currently at . do not become too complacent . you have made it this far - so now it is time to push yourself to the next level . $ make sure to get some physical exercise . being outside in the fresh air will be an extremely beneficial thing . at the very least , take a short walk around the block . it is best that you stretch your legs and get your body moving at this time . $ you have been purposefully avoiding a confrontation for quite a while . you do not want to get caught in a battle with someone , and so you have playing the role of mr . ms . nice guy gal . do not be afraid of being aggressive . it will behoove you to do so . $ tension that was overwhelming in the workplace yesterday will still be present . the good news is that it will calm down in the afternoon . communication with others will be poor . you will need a translator in order to get your point across . $ one of your virtues is that you can talk people in and out of anything . your sweet voice and charm certainly do go a long way - most of the time . today , however , unless you have solid facts to back yourself up , people will turn a deaf ear your way . $ you are afraid of speaking your mind because you know instinctively that other people are going to disagree with what you believe in . this is not a good reason to clam up . it is vital that you get your opinions out there regards of what others think . $ you will be juggling phone calls , e - mails , paperwork , family , your boss , your co - worker 's marital problems , laundry , and 1 , 000 other things . the amazing thing is that you will do it all with incredible grace and confidence . pat yourself on the back . $ balance comes when you find a way to slow down the hamster that is running frantically around the wheel in your head . look at the larger perspective . see things from a different angle . do not let these petty issues from work spoil your day . $ anticipation of the upcoming workweek may put a damper on the end of your weekend . try to avoid this by reaching out to friends and family members who you have not talked to in a while . if you do have to go to work , try to enjoy the company of those around you . $ feeling inadequate , giving up , and saying you do not know is not the answer . there is always a way . there is always a solution , and yes , you can find this solution by asking others , doing research , and above all , maintaining a positive attitude . $ you may be the only one who truly understands every side of the issue . your input is extremely valuable to the people you work with . do not hide in the background while you let others argue unnecessarily . bring your ideas to the forefront . $ a tremendous financial opportunity presents itself to you today . do not be afraid to put your money down on an investment that you think is worthy . you will receive good advice from people who know their trade . trust others and you will profit . $ when the sun sets tonight , count the number of things you got done and pat yourself on the back instead of thinking of all the things that you still have left to do . congratulate yourself on what you have accomplished . you deserve to be rewarded . $ you may think that you are alone in your current state of difficulty and indecision , but you are not . other people may seem like they know what they are doing and that they have their game together , but the truth of the matter is that they do not . $ the last thing you want to do right now is pretend that you have the answer when you do not . long - term trends are working in a whole new way . admit that you are unsure of what the future will bring . doing so will earn you more respect than guessing . $ you are in a very good mood . you feel a terrific inner harmony with yourself , and this will most certainly have positive effects on creating harmony with the people around you . trust that you can hold on to this feeling through the workweek ahead . $ your sense of self is shaken up thanks to those who are trying to use their power to control you . be confident and do not let others have the upper hand - especially since you know you are right . do not back down even though the pressure will be great . $ if you are trying to scam or trick someone into getting what you want , it will not work today . others will be able to see right through you . do not bother putting on any sort of act . being honest and real is what will earn you the respect you desire . $ be careful that you do not mumble something negative about someone or something under your breath as you go throughout your workday . someone is likely to hear you and before you know it , a precious secret is out . you will find yourself in hot water . $ your good - natured , social personality will bring you great reward . other people are your biggest allies , since they offer support and encouragement . furthermore , with the advice of others you are able to achieve much more than you could on your own . $ communication with others you work with will be especially strong during the next two weeks . major progress is made as a result . you are able to make huge strides in your yearly goals as long as you use this productive time wisely and efficiently . $ if possible , socializing with others in an easy - going and relaxed atmosphere will bring you the most enjoyment out of this day . talking about work and being able to laugh at yourself and the events of the week will help heal any stress that has accumulated . $ it may be hard for you to sit back and just have fun even though this is your day off . you are feeling a deep restlessness that is associated with your need to start something new . do not suppress this feeling . you are on to something big . $ tell everyone your big news instead of trying to hide it . eventually , the information will leak out , so you might as well be upfront instead of trying to keep it under wraps . you will come across as being much more responsible and trustworthy . $ during the next two months , you will find that you are more indecisive than usual . perhaps you did not think that this was even possible . well , it is . at least , by being aware of it , you will be better able to deal with it in a healthy manner . $ someone will accuse you or attack you emotionally in some way . in order to keep the peace , you may decide to claim innocence or run from the situation altogether . neither of these approaches offers any long - term solutions . get to the heart of the matter . $ someone will have a strong emotional reaction to something you say or do . this reaction is inappropriate , and you should tell this person so . most likely , this person has lost touch with reality and with rational thinking . set him or her straight . $ things are going well for you , so why should not they be going great ? do not take your good fortune for granted , but instead you should continue to build on it . you have worked to get where you are , and now you need to work to go a step further . $ an underlying friction will be present between you and your job and your co - workers for the next four weeks . this trend begins today , and whether you are at work or not , you may already be feeling the friction internally . this is a sign of change . $ make sure you enjoy a good hearty laugh for at least some portion of the day . whether you 're in a virtual meeting or just talking to your cat or dog , this laughter will help heal some of the tensions that are building within you . you will feel a tremendous relief . $ there are many different energies flying between your boss , your co - workers , and yourself , but do not let these mixed signals confuse you and send your head into a whirl . you 'll be successful if you simply focus on the positive . concentrate on what 's working well and let go of what is not . $ do not try to rush through everything . instead , just take your time and do your job well . ultimately , quality is far better than speed . you 'll receive the utmost respect and praise from your team and your boss or client when you complete a task with tlc . $ be careful of saying too much . you 'll get a bite from the chatter - bug today , and once you get started talking , you will not be able to stop . the danger is saying something that you will regret , and it may even cost you your job . this is not the best time to lose a job , so be careful ! $ attack monthly goals with great courage and confidence . you are being fully supported every step of the way . a great deal of open and honest encouragement from others is the cornerstone to your success . take what others say to heart . $ use your connections now . use your resources now . capitalize on your charm and wit and you can have it all . the power is yours . all you need to do is embrace it and use it to your advantage . your mood is good , and everything is flowing well . $ be open to a good , hearty debate with someone . whether you are at work or not , a good , honest , and lively discussion regarding your current situation will help you shed tremendous light on things . do not be afraid to face the difficult issues head - on . $ today 's cosmic shift will have a significant effect on the general trend in communication for the next two weeks . during this time , relations may be a bit tense between you and your fellow co - workers . ease this tension through simple consideration . $ do not try to pull a fast one over on someone - because it simply will not work . others will easily be able to see through your tricks . a fully open and honest approach is best . do not be afraid to reveal your true feelings instead of just your thoughts . $ a financial windfall might tempt you to go out and go crazy spending . although you 've worked hard and you deserve a break , it would be wise to first think whether you really can afford to be so carefree . maybe you should be thinking about investing at least part of the money for future stability . $ today you could be busy managing multiple projects . you 'll be in multi - tasking mode , working with phones , faxes , and emails . just make sure to double - check any important documents . if you have to calculate some figures or issue a report , it could be easy to overlook certain data . $ the reality of a certain situation has become clearer and you are seeing things through a more practical set of eyes . as a result , you are able to ground yourself and not let your emotions distract you from your work . your productivity is high . $ you will be riding a lucky streak for the next three weeks . you will be at the right place at the right time and in order to be successful , you just need to follow your heart . this should not be too hard to do . your intuition will point the way . $ your thinking is clear and straightforward . now is the time to draft a letter to your boss or a fellow employee . during the workweek , it may not have been so easy for you to put your thoughts into words , but right now , everything is flowing smoothly . $ let your mind go . do not get stuck in a rut . you are in a position right now to expand your position a great deal as long as you use your imagination and think outside the box . use your mind creatively today whether you are at work or not . $ make sure you go into work with a smile on . if you are feeling down , other people 's smiles will only make you more angered and frustrated . just because you woke up on the wrong side of the bed , this do not mean that you have to stay there . $ your eyes will be more hypnotic than usual . people who come in contact with your gaze , even virtually , will be mesmerized in such a way that you will just about be able to control them with your mind . your power over others is greater than you think . use it wisely . $ people are following your lead . they are listening to you because they know that you have something to say and that what you have to say is the truth . make sure your direction is sound and that you are giving people honest advice and information . $ in many ways , you feel very alone at work . you feel like you are not being fully supported by the people around you . hang in there and remember that you are indeed connected - you have the support of the universe with you at all times . $ you have a renewed sense of direction . you have more strength than usual . you are making important changes intellectually and spiritually . these personal changes are facilitating a new growth spurt in your work . this is a time for you to move up . $ although the waters may be still right now , there is great energy within them . you have a strong reservoir of power built up within you . others may not see this , and you can use their naiveté to your advantage . now is a time to strategize . $ a new dawn is upon you . light is suddenly being shed on an issue that was previously cast in shadow . take advantage of this new beginning . you may have to change your position a bit in order to reap the full benefit of this exciting time . $ you are in a position of power . people look to you for advice , guidance , and support . remember that the way you stay in power is by serving others , and not controlling or manipulating them . other people are your greatest resource . take care of them . $ everything continues along smoothly until you run up against someone who has a will that is as strong as yours . finding compromise will not be easy under these conditions . be prepared to make compromises . you will not get your own way . $ your intuition is right on . pay attention to your psychic abilities . these skills will be especially key with every task you undertake . your gut is your greatest resource . combined with an easy - going , compassionate nature , you can move mountains . $ dive in . do not be afraid . if you go for the whole enchilada , you will achieve great success . if you attempt to do something halfway , you will meet with disaster . this is an all - or - nothing game . give it your best shot . the target is within reach . $ do not sign the contract just yet . do not say yes to the deal that is being offered to you now . use a few days to sleep on it and fully consider the consequences . if you commit now , you will find yourself in a very difficult situation later on . $ you are not afraid to be upfront with others . this is a good thing ! tell it like it is and be assertive with your information . this kind of approach may upset them , but ultimately it is in their best interest and yours . do not shy away from the truth . $ redefine your sense of happiness . perhaps you are not happy with regard to your career . figure out what would make you happy and work toward this goal . an aggressive nature is alive within you . channel this energy toward positive change . $ an error that you failed to catch a couple weeks ago is coming back to haunt you now . suddenly you are faced with difficult challenges and very strong opposition . admit your mistake and work to find a new solution . do not deny your part in the matter . $ you have reached an uncomfortable point in your work situation . you may feel as if you want to run and hide . perhaps you feel as if you have lost control of something that is important to you . do not worry . what happens now is all for the best . $ a new four - week period begins today that you should be very aware of . this long - term trend may be a bit rough for you so be careful . other people are working counter to your aims . overall , you will not get the full support that you are hoping for . $ you may be very serious , but other people are not taking you very seriously . you may have to give a little extra power to your words in order for them to have a full and complete resonating effect . do not be surprised if others write you off . $ tension mounts when someone you work with wastes your time with facts that are simply not important . watch out for information overload . too much mental garbage is going to make your job harder - not easier . be careful of what you take in . $ you will naturally be drawn to foreign people and cultures today , and you will find that the people you meet through these channels will offer new insight into your career . perhaps it is time to relocate to some place far from your current home . $ this is a good day to work on getting your spiritual self in balance . be sure to pay attention to your spiritual body . during the week you have so much attention on your mental and emotional self that you forget to nurture your true spirit . $ embrace your innocent nature . be a kid again . take a playful and immature attitude with the people around you . keep your jaded , vengeful side at bay . it is best if you forgive , forget , and move on with carelessness and a light , jovial heart . $ you are pregnant with an idea . something is growing within you . you are at the beginning stages of something very significant - and very exciting . be aware of the fact that other people will fight to make sure your dream does not manifest . be strong . $ you are very knowledgeable when it comes to a certain skill or trade . you know a particular area inside and out . this do not mean , however , that you know everything . you should still consult others when it comes to things you know nothing about . $ courage is gained by being sure , solid , and grounded . once you have this strong foundation to work from , you will have faith to leap confidently into the unknown . today , your thinking is quite practical . you will be able to find the stability you want . $ communication between you and your co - workers is especially strong today . feel free to get together with others in a casual setting , if possible , in order to build relations between you and toss some ideas around that will help you accomplish your career goals . $ ease the tension between yourself and others by being more sensitive to people 's feelings - including your own . work situations will go much smoother if you use today to practice a more compassionate approach with the people you deal with professionally . $ no one will take you seriously as you do your job today unless you have solid facts and concrete evidence to back up what you say . if you have to make any sort of virtual presentation , be sure you are well prepared . others will see through the holes in your plan . $ your indecisive nature is worse than ever today , making it extremely difficult for you to be effective on the job . take a long lunch and stop working early if possible . there is no sense in going around in circles when you are better off napping . $ you will spend most of your day putting out fires all around you instead of concentrating on your own work . everyone seems to be squabbling , and as the peacemaker , it is natural for you to play the part of the diplomat . proudly embrace this role . $ a large opportunity awaits , and you are the catalyst that can make it happen . do not wait for the big deals to fall in your lap automatically . take some initiative today and you will be amazed by the results . you have the resources you need to succeed . $ work situations are not going your way today and the more you try to push to have things under your control , the more resistance you will encounter . calm down and be patient . remember that the only person you can control is yourself . $ the project you are currently working on has taken a bend that you did not anticipate . roll with the punches and see that this new path is actually for the best . you may have to think on your feet today , but most likely , this will score big points . $ be careful of someone who pulls out a great deal of fancy jargon in work communications today . most likely , this person is full of tremendous hot air and nothing else . he or she will try to manipulate you in some way , so be careful . do not be fooled . $ you may get frustrated today by others who are doing a cursory job of work that you know should be done more thoroughly . communicate with these people with understanding instead of with a higher than thou attitude . resist the urge to take over completely . $ today is a good day for you to weed through your desk and get more organized . you may have offers and papers from weeks or months ago . this information is valuable only if it is organized . establish a filing system that works to fit your needs . $ you will find yourself in the middle of a sticky situation today . co - workers are at each other 's throats and you may be asked to choose sides . standing in the middle with a foot in both camps may do you more harm than good . be assertive . $ your productivity level at work is extra high today so take advantage of this time . the more you accomplish , the more you will be inspired to accomplish additional goals . this positive upward cycle will lead to great success at day 's end . $ you have a unique opportunity to capitalize on the tension at hand . by seeing and understanding both sides of a difficult issue , you can invent a solution that will meet the needs of all involved . do not give up until this idea is found . $ with today 's astral configuration , you have a hand in bringing the focus to yourself . it 's time to consider the path that you 've taken over the past year . what has helped you get your body 's needs met ? remember the days that you were good to yourself . they included fresh , delicious food , healthy exercise , and an overall relaxed feeling with no pressure to be or do anything different . think about increasing the number of these days over the next month . $ today 's energy encourages you to muse on what you enjoy and what makes you happy . write down some of your favorite foods , things you like to do , and consider the many ways in which you depend on your body , and your body comes through for you . this is an excellent time to contemplate what we must not take for granted . your body is your most valuable earthly asset . are there ways in which you 've neglected it ? how do you go about honoring it ? $ it is only natural that you desire to do the right thing . however , it 's not always easy to know what the right thing is ! today 's planetary energy allows you to explore what is right for you . it 's up to you to set the limits around what you eat ; here are some guidelines to help you : the skeletal system and the skin , as well as hair , teeth , nails , the inner ear , and the knees are supported by nutrient - rich sea vegetables , like kelp . try to become knowledgeable about the specifics of a healthy diet - it can be fun , too ! $ you may want to purchase some sort of book to increase your knowledge on health and nutrition . it is a wise person who knows the basic herbal and holistic practices that work for them as an individual . while you 're looking at various books , or talking to a knowledgeable friend , you may want to take an investigative peek at vegetarianism . it 's a big subject , so just have a peek if it 's new to you . $ there is a good deal of harmony in the air today . give yourself the opportunity to tune into it through yoga or perhaps some individual tantric practice that you may enjoy already . it 's a wonderful asset to have a schedule that includes yoga , because it both calms the mind and tones the body . you need to go regularly in order to receive maximum benefit . you will experience a feeling of heightened well - being . $ if you are feeling overwhelmed today , give in to your nurturing qualities in order to protect yourself from any harm . do not push yourself . if you can get some kind of exercise in it is recommended but remember that rest is as important as activity . treat yourself to a hot bath with drops of lavender oil and take some time by yourself to write in your journal or listen to music . the way we treat ourselves when we feel under the weather deeply affects our health . $ if you miss sleep or skip meals , you are likely to say things you regret . keep this in mind today . bite that tongue , turn those words into thoughts , and let it go . isolate yourself in a comfortable way . recognizing when we do not want to be around people is very important . your own mind has oodles of information to give you if you will listen . feeling irritable is a sign that you have mail . a breathing or yoga session at home highly recommended . $ you look like you have a lot on your mind , even when you do not ! this is a good reason to involve yoga in your health routine . yoga is good for the body , but it is essentially designed to calm the mind so that the spirit can be more present . the practice of yoga has many schools - one is certainly right for you . if you want to explore them , there are many introductory videos available online , you just need to try to find them . try it out - a wonderful new experience may be waiting for you ! $ knowing when to stop and when to go forward can be a real source of anxiety . picture the little billy goat on the mountain , unsure of his next step ! others may say that you make a big deal out of nothing , but inside you feel anxious . ignore them ! but do not ignore your anxiety . create a habit of doing things that release tension and calm your anxiety . schedule the time to pamper yourself in some way and keep it : it is a preventative measure , not a cure for symptoms ! $ you have a good idea of where you 're going most of the time , but you tend to internalize your goals , therefore cutting yourself off from valuable support . consider making a home cooked meal and letting the people you live with in on your secret life ! this will feel scary at first , but you will touch them with your openness , and the days and weeks to come will feel a bit warmer for the contact . while you 're at it , cook something that expresses who you are . $ shyness can sometimes be a problem for you . the problem being that other people mistake your shyness for smug confidence ! you may not even recognize your shyness if you have been this way all your life . consider coming forward with your uncertainty - those around you will be more than willing to help . if you want to try a new type of workout but are afraid to do it alone , ask a friend to try it with you ! or find an app where you can ask a trainer to explain different exercises and how you best could do them . you could be surprised how much people like to part with their advice . $ the more time you spend looking at your diet and exercise needs , the easier it becomes to think of things that will improve your quality of life . for instance , when you spend a few weeks doing regular yoga workouts and drinking copious amounts of water , you will naturally feel ready to minimize certain foods in your diet , such as white flour and dairy . the body asks for what it wants : if you can increase your ability to listen you will be in good shape ! $ as you begin listening to your body , you will begin to have more control over your appetite and your emotional responses . self - knowledge breeds self - control . one of the most important ways to make sure you are taking care of your body is to get adequate rest . on especially busy days when you feel pulled in many directions , it 's crucial to calm your mind before going to bed . a hot bath with drops of lavender oil is a wonderful way to accomplish mental and physical relaxation . $ the transit of the day will have you waking up and smelling the coffee . it 's all about discarding the old and outdated and bringing in the new . this might be your first inkling that you 'll want to seriously clean out your closets and living space . think about it : it 's easier to bring in the new if there is space to do so ! consider the metaphor of breathing : each exhale is a mini cleanse , so make it long and vigorous , then replenish with fresh air . $ the astral energy at play brings balance to the forefront . you may find yourself questioning the equilibrium of your work and private life . being aware of your real goals and desires and setting appropriate boundaries could be issues . take the situation of working out , for example . you must stick to your set routine of exercises , while also making sure that you are working at the edge of your capacity . when you keep your head down and do not look up , you lose crucial ground . $ you are ambitious and can sometimes forget the pleasure that is to be had along the way . try devising a quiz that you can give yourself a few times a month : call it , the creature comfort quiz . the questions are up to you - but here are some examples : is there enough bubble bath in the house ? do i have clothes that flatter my body type , or do i need to do a little shopping for basics ? do i have my favorite fresh fruit in the house ? etcetera ! with a little self - interrogation , you will come up with plenty of ideas that make you smile . $ you sometimes like to do things alone , but it 's important to be aware not to overdo this . isolation can be risky . it 's important to involve friends and family in your life whenever possible so that you get the necessary perspective on how you 're living . when you look great , do not you want someone to tell you ? when you need a haircut , is not it kind of cool to be reminded by someone who cares ? be careful not to cut yourself off from important sources of love and support - it 's an unconscious act for some of you . $ you appear to take it slow and steady , but sometimes a passionate streak flares up and surprises those around you . you experience frequent , sudden bursts of energy or changes of heart , but rarely show them to the outside world . your skin could epitomize this tendency . one minute everything is fine , the next minute a rash has broken out or a pimple appears overnight ! these fluctuations are caused by an inner intensity that is best managed by drinking copious amounts of water . do not hesitate to check into a water service at this time . $ have you enjoyed going on a stairmaster when you ve worked out in the past ? the motion of the stairmaster mimics the climbing motion that we miss in our lives when using elevators , escalators and other such devices . during your fitness activities , try to visualize what you are getting out of the exercise both physically and mentally . the time you spend working on your body is precious to the development of your self - esteem . give yourself a double workout by releasing and strengthening within your mind and heart as well . $ do people think you are too serious at times ? if you hear this too often , the natural reaction would be to take it as criticism - after all , you are only trying to understand yourself and others . other people might actually be picking up on your dedicated nature to help the needy , to work for a cause . in order to integrate your inner nature with outside events , look into group activities , if possible , such as walking for a cure or other athletic events which benefit a cause . $ you can be quite withdrawn at times , with a dual nature that sometimes throws people off . sometimes it even throws you off ! you have such basic needs , but yet you feel inexplicably lonely at times . to tune into those needs that are not so grounded , try engaging in some kind of water therapy . start by making your bathtub your shrine . this means special soaps , nice towels , fun bath toys and some good reading material . swimming , steam bath , and sauna are also good practices . $ you take the path less traveled most of the time . your individualistic nature depends on yourself more than others , and it can get pretty lonely if you don t make an effort to socialize and seek out human interaction in whatever ways are currently possible for you . however , if you are someone who has considered getting a pet but not done so , ask yourself if now would be a good time . people who own pets generally cannot imagine life without their special companion . they can really brighten up your life ! $ walking is probably the most under - rated exercise because it do not require much exertion , and people do it every day . but how much do you actually do it ? do you walk instead of taking the bus whenever possible ? do you think 8 - 10 blocks is too far to walk ? there are serious health benefits from walking : it tones your entire body , you can do deep breathing exercises at the same time , and the body naturally aligns itself when you walk with a straight back and an extended chest . $ giving to others is something you enjoy doing because it 's a way to express your intuitive nature , which can sometimes get overlooked . you are a sensitive person , and getting your needs met can go overlooked as well , unless you have very old friends who 've known you for a while ! you need to learn to put your feelings into words . be on the lookout for ways to express your feelings and to be heard . a virtual book club is a fun and social way to express your emotional response to literature and could be a good place to start . $ personal growth comes in many forms and packages , and sometimes the most challenging thing we can do is ask ourselves what we would really like to see change in our personal habits . whether it 's brushing your teeth more often or giving up alcohol for a period of time , there are things you will automatically think of - when you ask yourself the question seriously . do not be afraid to take steps to improve your manners or physical appearance . it 's a healthy conscience that wants to fit in and look good ! $ pass the mustard ! mustard seed is an ancient treatment for loosening up what is rigid and defiant . you sometimes feel a sense of despondency or depression - if only a little mustard could do the trick ! to expand on this ancient wisdom , focus at this time on loosening up your body . a stretch class only twice a week will transform you into a different person , i promise . the more you loosen up your body , the more possibility there is for expansion in your life . $ you could be feeling under - appreciated these days . try to alleviate this feeling by reaching out to others . now , you do not have to walk up to people and say , appreciate me ! this is far from being your style . however , you do need to start getting out more . even if it 's just for an hour , get yourself into more social situations ( which should get increasingly easier during the coming months ) . talk about what you are doing and let people know your thoughts and feelings . $ having a goal in mind focuses you , but you can also find yourself burdened by having to do right all the time . this sort of pressure left unattended will burst out in inopportune ways : binging , self - critical depressions , resentment harbored against friends . if this reminds you of you , begin to counter these natural tendencies with their natural remedies : regular trips to a health club , if possible , or enjoy excessive amounts of pampering ( steam bath , massage , horoscope readings ) . share the work of taking care of yourself ! $ you can finally lift up your head and celebrate life in all its forms . no one loves celebrations more than you do , because they are a way of breaking out of your daily rut and allowing yourself some fun and relaxing social time . however , you often play your emotions like a very close hand , and few people know how much your circle of friends really matters to you . for your own sake , throw a small party , if possible . to help take the stress factor out , plan as far ahead as you wish . $ today 's planetary alignment is a marriage of feminine and masculine qualities . you are taking stock of your emotional cupboard : do you have what you need in your personal life ? are you ok with being alone ? do you feel you need more attention from others ? these are confusing questions for some of you , who are accustomed to going without or making do with very little . it 's a lot easier to know what you need emotionally when you are in reasonably good physical shape . $ you feel pretty much in control these days , and you 've every right to ease up on yourself , and take it nice and easy . of course , this do not mean no exercise or giving up on your healthy sleeping schedule ! that would be counterproductive . you feel at ease with your conscience , so enjoy your long runs and the sensation of peacefulness that you feel when you spend time alone . your nature is quite spiritual , and exercise feeds your spirit . $ a deep sense of knowing pervades you , and yet you are not going to be satisfied with this alone . stay on top of your game with exercise and eating a light , balanced diet . avoid eating excessive amounts of bread and other carbohydrates . fish , salad and legumes are good things to eat right now . consume plenty of water and get plenty of rest . while you are enforcing this kind of discipline in your physical life , your mental and emotional life may take off . $ when you are touched by the kind of mystical energy released by today 's planetary alignment , your spiritual side wakes up . this is a wonderful time for you to feel engaged with your sensitive side . keep enjoying the energy that you normally associate with and try to notice the inspiration that comes from engaging in challenging physical exercise . a good long run can wake up your emotions in a positive way . also - this can be a beneficial time for romance . $ your sign is full of mystery - there is something secret behind the formal exterior that few people really get to see . you may even have trouble letting yourself in on the mystery sometimes . it is recommended to better know your spiritual side through some sort of meditation . meditation can mean a lot of different things - chanting is not required ! whatever works for you that enables you to grow spiritually - as long as it is a consistent practice - can be considered meditation . $ keeping yourself in good shape is one of the things you can really be proud of . your health is the sum total of all the time you put into keeping fit , eating right and staying out of harm 's way . dedicate yourself to this noble effort now . favor doing for yourself over doing for others when it comes to your health . what you do for yourself in regard to your own health will go much further than anything you can do for someone else . $ you may find yourself obsessing on something that do not matter today . stick to your healthy habits during this distraction , and when push comes to shove , stand firm about your health ! we all feel out of control once in a while . remind yourself that you are not perfect , nobody who 's anybody expects you to be perfect , and you are not aiming for perfection ! if this do not help quell the obsessive thinking , try getting to bed early and trying again tomorrow ! $ you are not one to take obstacles as a reason to back down or give up . but it 's important to recognize when you are dealing with heavy pressures so that you can give yourself a little tlc when needed . you enjoy pressure to a certain extent , but it can wear on us all and we need to call on our creativity to bring that sparkle back into our daily lives when it has worn thin . consider giving yourself a massage as a special treat . $ jasmine oil should be on your shopping list this month . jasmine is spiritually healing and is associated with the moon in herbal lore . put a few drops in your bath or in your favorite ( unscented ) body lotion . often thought to attract love , the scent also induces a deep , relaxing sleep that can cure symptoms of stress . historically , jasmine was used by midwives to help women relax their bodies during childbirth . a drop or two on your pillow will give you a pleasant night 's rest . $ making the best of a difficult situation is something that you are so gifted at , it often escapes you just how much you are willing to work at having a positive attitude . however , sometimes it can be useful to notice what you do not like about a given situation . allow yourself to feel disappointment sometimes . it is not always up to you to make the best of it . practice conserving your positive attitude and willpower for situations that really deserve it . $ today 's planetary movement wakes up the dreamer in you . yes , think about what you wish for , and with your characteristic persistence and dedication , you will probably get it . this is a good time to focus on the skeletal system and the skin . these two systems are greatly aided by drinking plenty of fresh water - all day , every day . water helps exhume waste through the skin and eases the pressure that builds up around joints . $ you may feel like your stress level has been high for several weeks , and you are only now realizing it . when you notice this kind of imbalance , praise yourself ! it is a secure person who can recognize when they are not feeling themselves . step back from the chaos and ask what 's been missing . do you need to catch up on your sleep ? do you need to work in a morning walk or yoga routine before settling down to work from home ? if you re unemployed at the moment , do you need to create more structure in your life , like a daily routine , so that you don t slip into a sense of disorientation or depression ? the moment you notice something about yourself that needs adjusting , you re already halfway through the battle . $ you may feel inclined to think twice during today 's favorable transit . remember that your emotions are not a static part of life , and no one should expect them to be . you do not always know what you want to do , and that 's perfectly ok . do not be rushed during this period of mild insecurity , for you hate to be misled ! instead , take the time to deliberately slow down your thinking process . yoga or mediation are great ways to soothe your body , mind , and soul . $ you will most likely have a rush of memories or flashbacks surface today . happy memories can be signals or suggestions from your soul to repeat something in your life . if you flash on yourself in excellent shape years ago , it is clearly a sign to work toward that physical state starting today . if you suddenly remember the time you realized that most vegetables aren t actually gross it just turns out that you d never had them prepared correctly , it 's a perfect evening to dig up a recipe for those little nutrition bombs and serve them for dinner ! $ your health practices are a wonderful way to reconnect with lost parts of yourself . the meticulous child who arranged her sock drawer every saturday might reemerge as you wash up after cooking a nutritious meal ; the bounding little gymnast who had the energy of a puppy may float across your mind each time you roll out your yoga mat . as your practice strengthens , remember to embrace gently the parts of you that emerge . it is through acceptance , not judgment , that we achieve wholeness . $ you hope that hard work will be rewarded but are sometimes confused by the lack of acknowledgement from others . sometimes our hard work is invisible to those we want to impress . this can be for reasons we do not understand at times , but the important lesson is to be focused on yourself . there is no one you need to impress more than yourself . put your energy into creating the healthiest body you can . exercise , diet , and rest are the tasks at hand , every day . $ staying on track is very important to you , and you will find that when you are physically active on a regular basis there is not much stress in your life . you need to take your physical well - being quite seriously or your energy will run amuck . broaden your awareness of what healthy means to you by talking with your friends about fitness . see what they do to enhance their wellbeing . be open to trying new things . maybe you will work out or do yoga together , if possible , and find it is more fun for everybody . $ you have never been one to blindly conform to the group , but you certainly do care what people think of you . it 's time to help them and yourself out and give them the information they need in order to really know you . you might want to first take a refresher course where you are concerned ! do you really know what you do and do not want ? disciplined exercise such as swimming and running give you the time to reflect on these questions while building your strength and self - esteem . $ if you are looking to outfit your bathroom cabinet with products to pamper yourself with , one of the first things you need to buy is tea tree oil . this oil has properties that are soothing to the skin - one of our most sensitive anatomical areas . many health care products now include this wondrous natural healer , including bubble bath , moisturizer , deodorant , and shampoo . in addition to assisting in the care of your skin , tea tree oil also benefits nails and hair . $ with the planetary alignment there is a tendency to focus on yourself but try not to be overly critical . today 's energy will put the focus on your body , and wherever you are in your fitness schedule try to look upon yourself with a gentle eye ! no matter how old you are you should begin to talk to yourself with a good mother 's voice - encouraging , focused on the positive and , above all , approving . do not give in to negative thinking ; instead , give in to positive action ! $ the decisions you make every day end up determining the path you take , so why not slow down a bit ? i 'm not suggesting you come to a full stop , so do not head for the couch ! but it would be a good idea to clear the excess clutter ( i . e . seemingly large looming problem that really , once you get a little perspective , are details ) out of your head . active meditation is a good way to accomplish this . try committing yourself to yoga , or at least deep breathing exercises three times a week . you will notice those big decisions seem to take care of themselves , as if by magic . $ let 's keep filling your bathroom cabinet up with important tools in the mission of deep relaxation ! do you have a bottle of lavender essential oil ? this is one of the favorites of massage and aroma therapists the world over . lavender soothes the skin and , when inhaled , settles the mind . essential oils are easily found in health food stores . put three or four drops in a hot bath at night . alternatively , put one drop on your pillow and expect one of your best night 's sleep ever ! $ you are highly sensitive when it comes to friends and family , and today 's transits exacerbate this emotional chord . give yourself enough time each day to get a bit of exercise and to have healthy meals so that you are prepared to be there for those closest to you . you react very poorly to situations in which you are too pressed to give time to those you love . time management can help you get what you need in every way . $ you may want to take out your bottle of lavender herbal essence tonight and have a hot steamy bath in the comfort of your own home . with the current position of the heavenly bodies , you are bound to feel some kind of overload in terms of your emotional inner core . nourish this intangible part of yourself with the healing properties of lavender . if you get to bed on time , you are likely to have a profoundly restful sleep after such a treatment . $ an emphasis on exercise this week ! there is much psychic information in the air - thanks to the planets ' position - that will help you in your journey to the mountaintop , and the best way to access it is with an empty mind . take your exercise regimen seriously and get plenty of rest so you can meet the challenges that may sway you away from exercising . do not let anything rearrange the priorities you set for yourself this week . $ keep yourself grounded during the next few days through walking , running , yoga - any form of exercise that involves the ground itself ! the high emotional energy brought on by today 's planetary line - up can make you feel touchy and slightly uneasy around friends or close loved ones . keep yourself slightly apart through a regular exercise practice . a healthy focus on your inner life will help bridge the gap between your sensitive mood and reality . $ you sometimes deal with emotional turmoil by keeping it very much under wraps , and not really letting others see what you are feeling . it 's like you are afraid things will only get worse if you let other people know how you really are right now . this approach stems from your survival instinct and can sometimes cause you unnecessary suffering . to circumvent this tendency , go for a workout when you are feeling blue . if you still feel blue afterwards , go ahead and spill your guts to a friend . $ you love to entertain but suffer from the irrational fear that people will not come to the party - or something like that ! this fear of rejection is something we all have , and you can reduce the effects with some simple exercises ( literally ! ) . try sticking to an exercise routine , and when you feel like giving up just tell yourself that you will not let yourself reject doing what is good for you ! doing this over and over again will lessen your fear of loneliness . $ today s planetary configuration fills your heart with reverence for what is right - whatever that means for you . you enjoy this feeling , and it will best be enjoyed privately . do not look to impose any of what you feel on others by way of sharing , for it could very well go ignored or unappreciated , which will only detract from what you feel . look to nature or your most trusted relationships to revel with during this beautiful conjunction . $ this time is wonderful for doing special projects at home , especially as you can so easily neglect the material world in spite of your love of beauty and order . consider your body part of your physical environment , and when you grow tired of home improvement efforts take a break and get outside to do some exercise . attention to various levels of your material realm raises your consciousness under the guidance of the planetary lineup . $ you must pay attention to your bones . how are your bones feeling ? there are many ways to nourish your skeletal system : calcium being one . deep tissue massage and chiropractic , if possible , are other ways to nourish your bones . they stimulate the blood flow and sort of lubricate joints by paying close attention to the nerve endings in the connective tissues joining bone and flesh . if you want to feel better connected to your bones , try one of these methods for a change ! $ during the current transit you will feel unusual and positive impulses coming up this week . new ways of doing ordinary things will motivate you to get ahead and expand your horizons . try applying this energy to your diet by looking into healthy recipes that use ingredients you do not usually feel willing to approach . if you do , you will enjoy your meals even more . for instance , instead of meat try making a meal with tofu . instead of cream in your coffee try soy milk . $ the favorable position of the planets today gives you an intuitive sense of where to point your arrow , but how far will your arrow go if your feet are not planted on the ground nor your back straight and strong ? give yourself the benefit of a regular yoga practice to ground your energy and build your strength so that you may use these transits ( sources of positive energy in and of itself ) to meet your health goals . $ today 's planetary aspect will enhance your awareness of health issues . your personal power is greatly aided also , as these energies can also act to powerfully enhance the challenging aspects of your personality . as other challenging transits are present , this could possibly mean drama . so as not to lose your balance , stay adhered to your health routine - especially exercise ! $ today 's transit could motivate you to try new things in the exercise department . you will feel drawn to those activities that you can do with friends - or those activities you can do in order to make new friends , if possible . look into the things you 've had in the back of your mind - bike trips or even running a future marathon for a good cause like supporting medical research . these activities generally attract good people who , like yourself , value health and friendship ! $ the position of the planets today strengthens your resolve to get things done . aim that arrow exactly where you want to go - but do not let go of the draw too soon . your aim is assisted by this transit , but your eagerness to see things end well might cause premature judgments . use your determination and focus to finish tasks that are already started rather than start new ones . enjoy the satisfaction of doing what is right for your body : exercise , eat well and drink ample amounts of water . $ the aspect of the day keeps everyone on their toes , as things are not so easily communicated at this time . if something is going to fall through the cracks of communication , it is probably going to do so during this transit . you may find something troubling in your friendships or working relationships ( as opposed to close one - on - one relationships ) . stay the course by focusing on yourself and your own health regimen . remember , this too will pass ! $ today 's position of the planets gives you a chance to know what you think about emotional realties that do not always come up to the surface . you cannot always know what you feel unless you give yourself the time to reflect - and we both know you 're often too much on the go ( or too much involved in other people 's problems ) to look at yourself carefully . try taking a virtual yoga class or a relaxing walk during your free time at least twice a week . $ you are well acquainted with today 's energy and you are going to get a big - enormous - extra helping of it with today 's planetary alignment . it 's important to drink a lot of water and exercise regularly , to both soothe and process this fiery energy . the benefit will be apparent to others , and you can expect to hear a lot of compliments on your radiant skin , your upbeat mood and your overall exuberance . $ your personal quality is lifted up to new heights with the help of today 's transit . it can increase your vitality while lessening your potential intensity . this is a good week to complete tasks and communicate with others about your expectations , failed or met . treat your body with respect - rest , healthy diet , exercise - and you may find your reward is none other than sexiness ! yes , do your part and expect to be told you are attractive this week . $ a favorable transit makes things easy for you today . there is a pleasant feeling of luck in the air . to help play your cards right , drink a lot of water and bring some of this purification energy down to your liver . there is more to your health than meets the eye ! continue to flush your system this week and exercise as much as you can . be aware that you are releasing toxins from your system . this is a powerful act - take pride ! $ today 's aspect reminds you of things you felt long ago . perhaps last year there were moments when you needed to express yourself to someone , and for some reason you do not feel you could . or perhaps you meant to do something nice for yourself and you just kept putting it off . use today to get centered in your emotions , notice where there are obstacles in your feelings and where you 've left a raw spot . comfort yourself with nourishing food . $ the aspect of the day presents challenging conditions within friendships right now . a good deal of perspective is gained through working out and maybe you need to focus on your body instead of reacting to miscommunications , etc . staying fit and toned takes time and focus , and this can benefit your relationships because it gives you time to reflect on conflict while taking care of yourself . if everyone took better care of themselves , the focus would shift to celebrating what works in a relationship , instead of groaning about what do not work . $ the planetary alignment today increases your energy , so be prepared ! there is a lot of kinetic energy for you to process and it 's recommended that you get plenty of exercise . if you feel too antsy at work to sit still , take a walk on your lunch break or take a quick trip to the gym . the food you eat will determine whether you are able to process this transit in a healthy way . this energy must not be internalized , so light foods are preferable . $ though you can probably see farther than anyone , others often think you just like staring at the wall ( because they do not realize you can see through it ) ! do not put up with this ! give yourself some credit and start giving shape to your dreams in some small way today . if you 've thought it , it can be done . if only to ward off the insecurity of genius , get out the tools and make a start at making your dreams a reality . $ you hope that hard work will be rewarded but are sometimes confused by the lack of acknowledgement from others . sometimes our hard work is invisible to those we want to impress . this can be for reasons we do not understand at times , but the important lesson is to be focused on yourself . there is no one you need to impress more than yourself . put your energy into creating the healthiest body you can . exercise , diet , and rest are the tasks at hand , every day . $ you may be overextended today and need to shift the focus onto yourself . it 's not the end of the world if you postpone doing someone else a favor , and it do not mean you 're not a good friend if you do not say  ' yes  ' to every invitation . build yourself up from the inside . this means spending time on something that nourishes your body . strength building exercise , such as bikram yoga , would be especially beneficial to you at this time . $ you could feel especially powerful right now , so be sure to keep up your physical routine in order to get the full benefit of this transit . today 's planetary influence could be the reason for your feeling of increased mental capacity and greatly enhanced ability to communicate with others . you may make people feel better just by giving them a compliment them today . enjoy this transit and celebrate with a really fun workout ! $ this is a great day to assert your dreams and visions . if you would like to see yourself a little bit healthier in two months ' time , today is a great day to swim a few extra laps or run up that hill two times . if you see yourself as more of a social animal than you were over the last six months , today is a great day to check out a dating app ( i know - go crazy ! ) or surprise yourself in some other way . it 's a fun day , a day to get started on things , and most of all a day to express yourself as you want to be ! $ things do not normally feel this warm and fuzzy to you . it 's an unusually emotional day , and you may feel especially appreciative of your friends . share this feeling , but also include your needs . if possible , invite a friend to take a brisk walk with you and make a salad for the two of you to enjoy afterwards . keep your energy in mind today , and resist eating heavy foods or drinking alcohol . it 's important to feel the love of your friends in the context of doing what 's right for you . $ today , as any day , will present you with opportunities to go against the grain . when you find yourself itching to speak out or stand in the way of what others may call progress , do so with caution . you may be right in your convictions , but are you prepared to withstand the rejection or criticism you may encounter ? sometimes it 's better to keep your thoughts to yourself and nurture them until the time to speak out is undeniably upon you . drink some green tea and breathe deeply . $ in the spiritual sense of things , you may be feeling like you cannot believe your eyes . it 's time to focus your inner eyes on what you feel to be lacking in the human race today . consuming the herb known as eyebright in brewed tea , or beta - carotene found in carrots , apricots and cantaloupes , will help strengthen your ability to trust what you see . your insights could very well help lead the way out of an unfortunate situation . $ today 's celestial energy brings change . you may have had inklings of a new kind of exercise you want to explore , or a new kind of diet that you were interested in trying out . the feeling is back , and now is the time to give it a try . the general atmosphere will grace you with a feeling of safety in trying something new - especially something that is good for your health . $ while you 're thinking about the future , it 's important to tend to the present . direct some of your attention to the development of good habits that help your vision . consume spirulina , chlorella and other blue - green algae in healthy shakes once or twice a week . these and other sources of beta carotene will increase the level of vitamin a in your blood stream , which you need to support your insightful vision . also , sports such as tennis that depend on hand - eye coordination are excellent forms of exercise . $ it 's not easy to break with tradition , but you are somewhat known for taking the road less traveled . sometimes the road less traveled for you , however , is the traditional one ! give yourself a break today and follow a very simple plan . eat only the freshest food available to you , exercise but take special care of your joints ( yoga or swimming followed by a sauna if possible ) and get to bed early . your next break from the norm will be empowered by this respite . $ the planetary alignment today gives you the urge to discover something new ! explore the possibilities that present themselves and pay special attention to your emotional responses to those opportunities . the tendency to intellectualize emotions will be increased . use your ability to think ahead and anticipate how decisions will impact your emotions . it 's wise to stay faithful to your healthy diet and exercise program now . $ you may feel like friendship is the most important thing in life , and if this is true , you must be very careful about who your friends are . communication will be greatly enhanced by keeping your thoughts to yourself until you are ready to voice them . try thinking through your relationship issues while you lift weights or exercise and focus on what you really want to say to someone while doing so . the truth will find its way to the surface . $ great understanding for others is the name of your game . with today 's aspect at play , you will be able to see even more clearly what others feel . one of your weaknesses , however , is not clearly knowing how you feel . this may sound strange , but try talking to someone about your own emotions , and you will find that the shoe do not quite fit the other foot . one way to start tapping into your hidden feelings : keep a dream journal . $ if your self - confidence is connected with approval from others , you may be in a cycle of dependence , and too much dependence on the reactions of others can lead to frustration . of course , there is a fine line here , but err on the side of healthy self - esteem ! treating yourself well is the way to do this . be vigilant about getting your exercise , eating healthy and delicious foods , and above all , getting your rest . if you have trouble sleeping , brew chamomile tea to help relax at bedtime . $ you have the determination and persistence to succeed in whatever you take on . do not allow your inner fears to dominate . today 's planetary configuration asks you to look at your needs and to assess whether they are respected in the schedule you keep . do you have healthy food in your fridge and cupboards ? are you able to consistently exercise and get a good night 's sleep ? your health needs dictate the daily schedule you should follow . $ the current astral configuration gives you added strength in looking inward and taking stock of your health habits to determine if they are serving you or not . assume an attitude of inquiry but suspend judgment . what does your diet need in order to improve your overall well - being ? copious amounts of drinking water ? more fresh fruits and vegetables ? more minerals , more vitamins ? listen to what your body is trying to tell you . the power is in knowing ! $ you have a strong tendency to seek out the truth , and the intensity of this quest can often be wearing on the soul . it is important to alleviate your anxiety , even if you do not recognize it on a conscious level . deep relaxation ought to be a regular part of your health regimen . massage , steam bath and sauna are ancient practices designed to relax the body and allow fresh perspectives to invigorate the soul . what have you done for yourself lately in this regard ? $ slowly growing accustomed to new health practices can be a pleasant and enlightening experience . looking to see the truth about what you eat is a way to introduce change into your diet without shocking your system on any level . organic foods are grown according to specific regulations - there are even different interpretations of what is truly organic . finding out for yourself where your food comes from is a great way to develop a healthy awareness of your environment . $ the planets are forming a pleasant and potentially illuminating aspect ! this configuration will gently alleviate the anxiety that can block you from understanding your true nature . a light workout , preferably including yoga , will open you to the benefits of this transit by putting your mind on hold , and allowing your body to assert its natural rhythms . always follow up exercise with drinking plenty of water . enjoy the enlightenment ! $ you may feel some pressure to have it all figured out . but remember that nobody , ever , has it all figured out ! remember the adage , to err is human , to forgive divine . that do not just mean forgiving others - you must learn to appreciate your own ability to forgive yourself . judgment will prevent you from listening to your own intuition . your basic needs are to eat well , to get plenty of rest , and to exercise . start with all three today ! $ there is plenty of favorable energy afoot today , which can leave you empowered and able to tune into the divine in your daily life . to encourage the positive flow of this energy , take special care to relax your mind and nourish your body with fresh food and exercise . any stress you feel in your eyes is best relieved through yoga , which will open the chakras and release energy that has been stored up in the body . $ with today 's planetary activity , you sense a struggle within yourself - what you want is different from what you need . if you choose to sail above the petty squabbling that occurs from time to time in your relationships , you will find it even more challenging to deal with this energy inside yourself . do not ignore the tension that arises between your higher self and your human desires . arm yourself to deal with it with a good dose of aerobic exercise . $ some advice for your diet : avoid caffeine . it is a very prevalent drug in our society , but it may not be right for you . begin to open your mind and your palette to alternative substances , the most common being herbal infusions , especially green tea . the stress of caffeine on the eyes ( vision ) can adversely affect you . also , include fresh fruits and vegetables that nourish your eyes : cantaloupe , cranberries , and blueberries . these delicious food sources certainly taste better than any medicine ! $ the planets are gently sending you messages that you will benefit from hearing . the current transit is good for hanging out with friends and socializing in general , if possible . you are encouraged to gently embrace what you want and need in life - a critical step towards health and happiness . the judgmental side of your nature will also be tempered at this time . you may want to avoid those cup of coffee chats with friends , opting to go for a walk together instead . $ the attention you give to your body will produce both interior and exterior results . the exterior results are not of great concern to you , though the positive comments you garner will certainly boost your self - esteem ! you generally seek an inner harmony that enhances your wellness . are you informed about matters like organic farming , and what your community does to support such things ? your involvement and contribution to these kinds of issues directly affects your sense of well - being . think about it . $ it is crucial to make sure that your joints have adequate exercise and not too much pressure put on them . this is especially important , as many of us have a sedentary lifestyle . yoga is an ideal exercise for strengthening the entire body , for toning the muscles and for keeping your flexibility . a regular yoga practice can save you time and money in the future , and greatly support your everyday well - being . preventative measures such as this are a necessity , not a luxury ! $ when you meet with internal resistance to your daily health practices , immediately suspend judgment . you are allowed to eat anything you want , and to spend your time in any way you see fit . there will be days when you will see fit to sit on the couch and watch tv . it is important to refrain from judging yourself . the next day you may want to drink a lot of water to clear the mucous build - up which dairy causes , or to address other effects of your behavior . learn to do so without passing judgment . $ suspending judgment allows you to see more of the truth . suspending judgment of the self allows you particularly to see your inner truth . today 's astral configuration is wonderful for personal inquiry . are you doing things for yourself that aid your sense of well - being , or things that detract from it ? what kind of behavior do you see in your friends that you admire and would like to follow ? you have the freedom to choose your own health practices . $ giving ourselves the benefit of the doubt is something we all sometimes need help with . as we are so committed to a better future for ourselves and our loved ones , there is a tendency to judge harshly . however , the burden of responsibility does not rest with you alone ! give yourself the freedom to take care of yourself first , not the whole world . check in with yourself on a daily basis about your diet and exercise regimen . this is a true personal responsibility ! $ the current transit makes this a good time for a general cleansing - one that really should take place at least once or twice a year . look to your body and begin the cleansing process . plenty of water , of course , is very important the whole way through . if you are able , try to maintain a couple of days worth of strict dietary limitations , eating only raw fruits and vegetables . you might feel light and active and receive a lot of return energy if you pay attention to what your body tells you . $ with today 's planetary alignment , you may be inspired to break down outdated habits and stagnant patterns in order to move into the future with big , bold steps . you may be motivated to break down traditions deemed too difficult to take on . have you ever felt like making radical changes in your health practices ? a vegetarian diet ? an earlier hour of waking up in the morning ? now would be a good time to try something big but start gradually . $ you have never been one to blindly conform to the group , but you certainly do care what people think of you . it 's time to help them and yourself out and give them the information they need in order to really know you . you might want to first take a refresher course where you are concerned ! do you really know what you do and do not want ? disciplined exercise such as swimming and running give you the time to reflect on these questions while building your strength and self - esteem . $ you are always happy to drop the old and start anew , but sometimes it 's worth it just to stick to the routine . do you have a health routine ? this is an important discipline for you to adhere to , because of your natural tendency to dream about the future and forget about the present . in the present , you must pay attention to the adequate administering of healthy food and plenty of water . unless you still live with your mom , your health is up to you ! $ unfortunately for some of us , black tea and coffee consumption is known to weaken our vision . to help strengthen your eyes at this time , take tea brewed with the herb known as eyebright . beta carotene is found in foods such as carrots , apricots and cantaloupe - the liver converts this pigment into vitamin a , which is very helpful for night vision . take care of your eyes and create your vision of the future with enhanced precision . $ today 's transit encourages you to shower those you love with affection . this is something you may do inwardly all the time , but actually people need physical and verbal appreciation more than you sometimes realize . use this energy to give yourself the best of everything , too . have a breakfast with fresh fruit and whole grains , keep the fresh fruits and vegetables coming all day , and have a little protein with one meal . oh , and , water , water , water ! your energy will glow with this kind of treatment . $ you need lots of friends , but also sufficient quiet time to focus on her own inner needs . your goals tend to be people - oriented , but private time is what nurtures your ability to understand and set your goals . combining thought with exercise is a wonderful habit to develop . at least once a week , take yourself on a long run or walk , or simply hit the tennis ball against a wall . this physical outlet creates the space for you to clarify your thoughts without being annoyed with your friends . $ your adventurous spirit likes to explore , especially as today your mind could be buzzing with new ideas . thinking , talking , evaluating , dreaming - this is what you love doing , and these tendencies help you determine how to ease the suffering of others . however , in order to really know what others are feeling , you need to observe more than speculate . to not become overwhelmed with the issues and challenges others bring to your door , pursuing an art project or engaging in a music group can keep you balanced and grounded . $ with so many friends , you can be overwhelmed sometimes . do you manage to keep in contact regularly ? have you noticed that you have not heard from someone dear to you for a long time ? focus on what you have to give of your time and see if something creative comes to mind that can help you stay connected with the people you care about , despite your busy schedule . after all , your life would not be whole if you had to spend it alone . $ one of the best ways to improve your health is to give yourself more time . no , i am not talking about turning back the clock ! give yourself the time between activities to re - group and understand what you want and need to do next . when we rush from place to place , we lose our sense of purpose and regret the time we waste . even the choice of what you eat will be affected by giving yourself enough time to notice what you really want . $ you generally need a lot personal time to sort out your complex feelings about the world . try engaging in sports that can assist you in getting the most out of your personal time . long distance running , swimming , hiking and mountain biking all require significant time commitment , which you can then put to good use inside your head . healthy habits that meet your needs in combination are priceless . it 's a long life , and you will enjoy yourself more , and have more to share with others ! $ you love this time of year because it 's all about evaluating and planning . what can you do for your health that was lacking during the past few months ? if you prefer bottled water , do you have a water delivery service ? it 's cheaper than buying bottles . if you prefer organic produce , consider signing up with a monthly club that delivers local organic produce to your door for much less money than what you would pay at the market . plan for a healthy year ! $ today is all about reform . whatever can be improved upon , your soul is right on the scene . you finally want to start focusing more on your well - being . you are known for being focused on the greater good while sometimes egregiously ignoring the personal , the right here at home , the person looking at you in the mirror . get where this is going ? stop saving the world and get in a good workout . and pay attention to what your body is trying to tell you . $ you will benefit from eating fish instead of meat as often as possible . fish oil has tremendously beneficial effects on the nails and hair and do not tax the digestive system as red meat does . enjoy the lighter things in life : fresh vegetables , bean curd , soy products and herbal tea . even if you make substitutes only once a week , you will benefit in the long run from your effort . have you ever followed a recipe for fish or tofu ? try it ! $ you are capable of rising above the earthly plane and seeing straight into the future : but it 's a vision that can sometimes be quite difficult to share with others . to help merge this talent with more practical matters , forge a partnership in say , your exercise regimen . you can keep the long - term goals in mind and your partner can motivate you on the day to day stuff . together you can shape your goals into reality ! $ you tend to be a giver , but rarely to yourself ! are you tired ? exhaustion often results from a failure to plan . today 's planetary configuration gives you the perfect time to set up the next two weeks to most benefit you , you , and you . do not give in to stress and go with the high - fat content flow . plan ahead three healthy meals a week and stick to them . you can prepare delicious and healthy soup and keep it in the freezer ! $ your gift of sight usually serves you especially well . nurture your natural vision with sources of vitamin a and beta - carotene . do not rub your eyes if they are tired or itchy . there are better ways to find relief . use delicate eye moisturizer for the skin around the eyes . wear sunglasses to prevent sun damage ( yes , especially when the glare is strong ) . your vision is a gift - use it to see , and do , good in the world . $ give yourself the benefit of the doubt . your emotions may run high , but you still may have trouble catching up with them . today 's transit makes you especially sensitive to criticism , so keep your distance in order to you have perspective on where others may be coming from . a quiet , centering yoga session would be good . be gentle on yourself , nothing too tough ! ease your way into your emotional center . $ your creative efforts are beginning to show fruit , and this is cause for celebration . however , do not begin to neglect the regimented program you have been trying to follow regarding diet and exercise . now more than ever it is important to keep the internal pathways open - physically and energetically . at least three times a week you must exercise your body to let fresh energy bubble forth and old energy recycle on through the universe . you are aware of being part of something larger - act like it ! $ keeping up with your creative plans for the future is sometimes hard for your friends - and it can be also hard for your body ! you must dedicate as much energy to the present as you do the future . it will help you and your relationships ! regarding your health , it is especially important to consistently exercise and drink plenty of water . skipping these fundamental practices now could negatively impact your future . stay carefully tuned to your health regimen ! $ your spiritual nature is enlivened by today 's transit ! we humans have a special relationship with water . it gives us spiritual rejuvenation and makes us feel alive ! you may want to think about how much water you actually give yourself each day . water plays a vital role in how your skin looks , and whether or not you have regular digestive activity . eight full glasses a day will dramatically change how you look and feel ! $ waiting for the right time to start getting serious about your health ? that time is past . you must start today if you are asking yourself this question - it is never too late . the first step could be increasing the amount of water you drink each day . make this month the period of time you use to really watch how much water you drink and double it . most people suffer from effects of dehydration without even knowing it . are you one of them ? $ love gives us energy to get through life . loving your body helps , too . nurture your body with exercise and you will find yourself able to be more loving towards others . practice loving your body by carefully planning your meals days in advance . be thoughtful about your upcoming meals as though you were wooing your own body to join you in a lifetime of happy adventures - because that 's what you 're faced with , and whether you make them happy or not is up to you ! $ you are apt to see the bigger picture more clearly than the little one this week . you will enjoy socializing and making merry , if possible , but try not to skip over feelings while in the pursuit of accomplishment . whatever your plans are , be rigorous in keeping your daily exercise , a balanced diet and abundant rest and relaxation at all times , even the busiest ones . when you feel that you are floating away on the ethers of excitement , breathe deeply and ground yourself . $ the power to nurture others is inherent in your being . you have something to offer that all creatures need . but be aware that you yourself need to center regularly and find ways to recharge . in order to protect yourself from unforeseen difficulties , be prudent regarding your diet . eat the freshest foods possible and do not leave yourself open to illness or injury . it is in your nature to think ahead , so use this gift for yourself . $ always watch what you eat so that you feel your best at all times , and especially at stressful ones . we all tend to become distracted while chatting away or watching tv - we barely notice what we put in our mouths ! there are ways to handle these situations and most of them involve just a little bit of forethought . for instance , for every alcoholic beverage you ingest , drink one glass of water ( preferably with no ice ) . $ you have a knack for getting along well with others , and it 's time to turn your focus onto yourself and pay attention to what you want and need . this is not easy for you , and you will be glad to hear that the planetary transit is aiding those on difficult paths . creating a structure within which you can take care of your health needs is the best way to go : this way , you will not have to think about it . plan ahead including meals , exercise , rest and entertainment . $ the energy it takes to explain why you did not do something you should have is twice as expensive as the energy it takes to do something right . the stakes are even higher when it comes to your health . the energy it takes to eat well and exercise often is infinitely less than the energy it takes to deal with illness . take a moment to steer yourself in the right direction if tense , stressful times have put you off your usual health regimen . it s perfectly natural to turn to comfort foods and mood - altering behaviors in times of great uncertainty . it s okay that you ve perhaps leaned a little heavily on these creature comforts over the last many weeks , but given that this is a marathon and not a sprint , you now have the opportunity to adjust your course for the long haul . drink at least one glass of water for every glass of wine or soda , try to get more sleep , move more , experiment with checking the news only once a day , or every other day . $ you often make statements that are more profound than you are aware of , leading people to expect more from you than you realize . if you feel a little out of touch with yourself , take some time for self - care . make yourself the healthiest or most comforting dinner you can with what you have on hand . draw a hot bath and get to bed early with your favorite reading material . this will help you to know where you stand , and to re - establish the bond with yourself - thus making you more self - aware . $ this is a day for making yourself feel comfortable . if there is something on your mind that you need to unload , ask a friend to lend an ear . if you feel that you need more cardio exercise than you ve been getting lately , make today your first good home workout and feel the benefit of those deep breaths balancing out your body 's energy . $ your future starts today . a clear pathway is open to you so ask yourself : what do you want for your health ? do you want to ignore your body until invasive medical measures are required ? or do you want to have an informed , delightful experience of nurturing your body and your mind in a preventative fashion ? if you prefer the latter , maybe it 's time to invest in your choice of text : a healthy cookbook , a holistic hygiene reference , or a book on feng shui . $ when you feel unbalanced it 's a little more upsetting than it is for other people . for instance , when you break the routine in your exercise practice you tend to feel the effects quite strongly . you can use this sensitivity constructively . if you need to start a health practice and have trouble getting motivated , all you need to do is start and the energy rush you will get will make you want more right away . use this momentum to build a health regimen . $ with so much focus on politics , it is easy to lose track of the daily wellness program we all need to keep in order to stay healthy and take advantage of the many privileges we have in our modern society . this is a good time to take stock of what you have and how you can put it to its best use . take your body for example . can it do all the things you dream of doing ( realistically speaking ) ? work at it - gently . $ give yourself an inch and you might take a mile ! i recommend you bring that tendency poolside ! swimming is an exercise that benefits the body and mind , and it is not an expensive sport . whether you are a beginner or a high school champ , try to integrate this lovely , low - impact sport into your life . it strengthens your lung capacity while toning your whole body , and once you get on a roll it can be like meditation . weather permitting , it 's a wonderful bonus to be outside ! $ be good to yourself , because nobody else has the power to make you happy - george michael said that in one of his songs , and he might as well have been thinking of you ! you need to take the power into your own hands and create the physical reality you can be happy in . this means opening up your eyes to all that you wish were different about your body and taking steps toward a future form that is closer to your ideal . $ the planetary energy gives you the concrete desire to turn your most inspired thoughts into reality . if you see yourself as a long - distance runner but have never jogged a mile , run on down to the nearest sports equipment store , if possible , and just look at the shoes - maybe have a conversation with the person in charge of that section of the store . begin to help yourself feel comfortable in the areas you would like to grow into . baby steps all the way , kid ! impress only yourself . $ walking can be a great exercise for you now because it gives you time to slow down and concentrate on yourself . you may need to think certain issues over and clear up excess mental clutter , not to mention free - floating anxieties . walking ( or long runs if you are an accomplished runner already ) is a spiritual as well as a physical exercise and is highly recommended right now . $ the movement of the planets knocks everyone off their center a little bit , and for you this will typically mean reverting to behavior that do not exactly benefit you personally . that is , while trying to do the right thing you might not see the forest for the trees . noticing each and every try means getting through your days doing something nurturing for your body : lots of drinking water , plenty of fresh produce and a varied diet that alternate sources of protein : meat , fish and legumes . $ you may find yourself growing more involved in a physical relationship with someone you care about , and today 's aspect will greatly enhance your ability to approach matters of sensuality with openness . this regards how you approach yourself most importantly . your body is a vehicle for self - expression , and you must love your body in order to make love with it ! this means caring for it with regular exercise , a healthy diet and a conscientious approach to intimate relationships ! $ watch yourself in terms of giving more to other people than what you give to yourself . you may be under the influence of the present cosmic climate , which could bring your natural tendency of being your brother 's keeper to an unhealthy level . to make sure you stay centered , watch what you eat and take in very few ( if any ) carbohydrates for a few days . this exercise will get you to focus on yourself and also reduce the kind of sugar high energy which fuels distraction . $ there are many planets coming into your sign these days , and it will make you feel as though there is meaning in just about everything that happens . this is not necessarily the case but can definitely be distracting . to enhance the power , you can have during this time and minimize distraction , get regular exercise and drink lots of water . keeping your body and mind in tune with universal energy right now is priority . $ because you can see what needs to happen for the good of humanity - that is a special gift you possess - do not mean that you are the one to do it ! center yourself and all your insights with a regular exercise practice , and you will be in a better position to help the world you live in . yoga is a wonderful resource . the more you go the greater the benefit . do not worry about getting in shape . instead , focus on breathing and connecting to positive energy . $ the position of the heavenly bodies supports you with energy to really act on behalf of others . you enjoy the feeling of helping other people succeed against the odds . however , you must also pay attention to yourself , otherwise you will quickly grow resentful of what others have that you lack . this is called affliction . to avoid being afflicted , make your diet and exercise the priority no matter what . when you take care of yourself physically you notice all your other needs more readily . $ your tendency to go along with what everyone else is doing can sometimes give you the impression that what 's good for the group is good for you - and this is just not true . we each have an individual recipe for health , and it 's up to each of us to discover it and follow it religiously . plan a few meals to prepare at home this week . you may wish to invite others to join you , if possible , but know deep down inside that you 're doing it for you . $ your sign is going to be getting a lot of planetary attention throughout the next several months , so get used to hearing general statements , which may or may not necessarily apply to your particular situation . what is critical that you do , however , is pay straightforward attention to your body and its health needs . you must drink plenty of water and get regular exercise . there is something going on , and you must be prepared to get the most out of the energy that you possibly can . $ so many ideas - so little time ! you will feel light - headed these days with the current influence from the planetary alignment . and off you go , on to other realms besides this earthly existence . there is exquisite energy to be gleaned from journeys of the spirit , but the effect is only as good as your physical condition . ground yourself during this special time with a diet that includes fresh meals made with seasonal vegetables . earthy produce for a healthy mind . $ the position of the heavenly bodies will make you a highly sought out individual this week . people intuitively sense your wisdom and will knowingly or unknowingly ask that you help them with their problems . you must be aware of this so that you can keep track of your own energy level . you tend to become exhausted without realizing it . set yourself a bedtime this week and do not fail to meet it . limit your availability to others after dinnertime so that you have time to center yourself before bed . $ your climb upwards is sometimes greatly aided by the inspiration of a good view . today 's planetary energies enhance your ability to see the glass half full , or to see the beauty of your daily surroundings . improve what you do for your health by taking time to notice what you love about feeling healthy . notice the way you like to feel and aim to promote this state of being with what you eat and how often you exercise . $ you have never been one to abandon a course once set out on , however , you must get used to the little detours life shows us along the way ! rather than looking at these detours as setbacks , consider them as curves in the road that were too subtle to be realized when you were starting out . have faith that you 're still on the path ! support your sensitive nature by taking night - time or early morning baths with a few drops of lavender oil . $ today 's aspect is one of the most beneficial transits , emotionally speaking . often you feel torn between lofty pursuits and everyday living . lofty pursuits are easier , in a way ; difficulties arise with everyday living , where other people 's sensitivities clash with your own . the energy of the day helps you to verbalize and communicate in new ways that help your personal relationships . to increase the positive impact of this transit , take care to eat citrus fruits rich in vitamin c . $ you can be motivated to achieve a great deal under the influence of today 's celestial atmosphere . if you were running on empty recently , this is the boost of fuel that you needed to scale further heights . resentment can also be an issue during this transit so keep yourself healthy in every aspect : drink plenty of water , exercise every day , and eat foods that agree with your system . avoid junk food and excess sugar at all costs - that is not what you need right now . $ under the aspect of the day it would be advisable to watch out for miscommunication . you may want to pay special attention while making plans or setting up virtual meetings for work . operate under that assumption that if something can go wrong it probably will ! this is an opportunity to pay extra special attention to what you really need to communicate to others . when in doubt , call and confirm . also , watch your step - the likelihood of tripping is increased . $ you should be getting a break with the planetary alignment today : it 's time to focus on yourself and pamper yourself ! get yourself organized around what is good for you . good food , good company and yes - exercise ! it 's important to let your body express its raw energy rather than allowing that energy to stay bottled up and eventually be converted into mental energy . use this aspect to begin a phase of physical purification . you 're going to be in this body your whole life ! $ today 's transit will make you feel about ten years younger this month , and that 's without even trying ! you can feel at your best if you apply this transit to your workouts and involve it in your weight - lifting or cardio work that you once found challenging . the aspect will give you the power of ten cups of coffee without any of the negative side effects ! oh - try to stay away from caffeine and increase your water intake , too ! $ make the most of your time outside of work . the aspect of the day encourages your playful side . watch movies that lighten the spirit , play with children every chance you get , play with adults when there are not any kids around , if possible , and most importantly , exercise ! nothing brings the spirits up more than moving your body in aerobic exercise . oxygenated blood is the best anti - depressant around - and you cannot get it sitting on the couch ! you can choose your favorite form of exercise , so enjoy it . $ the planets make a harmonious connection today . there is a big chance you will feel lighter than usual , and more easily engaged in other people 's concerns than you normally feel is possible . people may respond quite positively to you , but do not forget to take care of yourself ! everyday counts when it comes to your health . diet is a big part of your mood , so take note of what you feel like eating today . maybe you can replicate it when you 're not feeling quite as great ! $ the planetary alignment today is troubling for many of you because it is so much about emotions . facing your feelings squarely is difficult because you need to admit vulnerability and acknowledge pain . this is not easy for anyone . you may want to seek out your friends and ask them for help . if you do not feel there is anything troubling you , perhaps you can treat yourself to lots of nurturing behavior . a nice dinner , a hot bath , and a good night 's rest . $ the planetary alignment makes this a time of great insight for you . your personal goals and aspirations will come into focus as you begin to experience a bit of conflict . a challenge may be just what you need to dive into your goals with added zeal . take your exercise program seriously now , for you can be open to injury if you are not focused on your body . take special care of your legs and feet . $ you feel empowered by today 's aspect . there are strong emotions fueling your ascent to the top , and that 's how you like it ! your usual intensity is lightened by this playful transit , and that helps you in communication with others . get to the heart of the matter with friends and find a laugh there ! give in to your feelings of vulnerability and appreciate what it means to have friends ! exercise will help you spread this energy out through your body . $ today you may feel like the entire weight of the world is resting on your shoulders . so many good intentions gone to waste , so much action taken without love or grace , so many shadows blocking the light . when you feel so much of the world 's pain , your only hope is to see the good intentions in the failures of others , and to hope for peace so that you can be a beacon for others . take comfort - without you , we 'd be lost . $ when you feel unbalanced it 's a little more upsetting than it is for other people . for instance , when you break the routine in your exercise practice you tend to feel the effects quite strongly . you can use this sensitivity constructively . if you need to start a health practice and have trouble getting motivated , all you need to do is start and the energy rush you will get will make you want more right away . use this momentum to build a health regimen . $ there 's a lot of maverick energy out there these days . isolation is not the answer but do keep your distance from those who drain you . tune it out and tune into yourself ! consider raising your spirits by working with your hands . go get some wonderful , organic produce and prepare yourself a nourishing meal such as homemade soup . take yourself on a long walk by a body of water and breathe in the fresh air , exhaling any sadness or anxiety . $ one thing to keep in mind is that you have time on your side . when things seem to be moving too fast to really get a grasp on them , try to stay out of harm 's way and heed your inner counsel . have you had a special interest lately that you 've been meaning to investigate ? learning how to throw pottery , sewing , or another creative project that you can make with your own two hands ? this is the kind of work that will be grounding for you right now , and this is what you need . $ your intuition may be so strong today that you will not even catch the implications until a few days from now . that 's not highly unusual for you , but you may feel a little bit sleepy as a result . this do not necessarily mean that you must have less energy than usual . it is absolutely important that you stay physically active when you have a few days of intense emotional fog . if possible , take a walk during your lunch break . anything you can do to add some physical momentum to this day will do you a world of good . $ this could be a night to remember ! at the very least , it 's a good night to have a really good time - whatever that means to you . you are feeling in your element today and you are calling the shots ! sit back and imagine your perfect day , afternoon , evening - and then go ahead and make it happen . remember to factor in somewhere a release for your physical energy . it 's important to stick to your basic routine , but the rest of the night is up to you . $ you may feel like there 's nothing you feel passionate about today , or that what you do feel passionate about is just out of reach . give yourself the benefit of physical satisfaction . drink plenty of water in order to feel full , eat lightly so you have plenty of natural energy , and stay away from excess salt and greasy foods . your energy and drive will return in the days to come , and you 'll be ready to go ! $ you are closer to the truth than ever . it 's important for you to take a stand about what you believe in . empathy and compassion can only go so far - sometimes people need more of a push ! what you know to be true is important to share with the rest of the world . wherever you go , you will surely attract followers . treat your tired feet to a hot soak with a few drops of lavender extract ! $ observe yourself carefully and watch for signs of surrender . it could be difficult to stick to a healthy lifestyle if you tend to become isolated . the things that you do for yourself every day , like eating healthy meals and working out , should be done with friends as much as possible . this way the fun keeps us coming back for more even when we want to give up ! invite a friend to join you for a workout , if possible - they will thank you for it ! $ today 's atmosphere seems to make the world a safer place . enjoy this feeling of expansive caring to the maximum . start with getting your blood flowing with some kind of aerobic exercise . then treat yourself to a dinner that includes organic produce : grown and consumed with the conscious intention of nourishing not only the body but the soul . you have the natural ability to tap into these positive energies , and the planets emphasize your idealistic perspective . $ with today 's astral energy at play , you might feel driven by a cause . just do not let it drive you crazy ! the urge to fix things , and even people , can lead you down a path of frustration . take the time and do some kind of exercise that creates a meditative state . repetitive exercise such as yoga or a series of laps on a track can give you the distance that you need . you will feel more at peace with yourself , too . $ you are very sensitive to the plight of the earth as it undergoes destruction in many places . support your own inner peace through the calming practice of meditation ( a long walk can be a meditation , too ) or gentle exercise . if you are feeling susceptible to illness , use preventive herbal remedies such as goldenseal , echinacea and astragalus , all easily found in your local health food store . to calm the pineal gland , our bodies ' most attuned psychic organ , the fruit of the papaya is recommended . $ your concern for others brings you closer and closer to the feeling that you need the same kind of concern for yourself . maybe it will mean getting hurt a few times before you learn that setting boundaries is useful for you . start paying attention to your boundaries through following a more organized health regimen . taking care of yourself sends out messages to others that they must take care with you . also , remember that drinking enough water and other fluids is critical to maintaining healthy blood circulation . $ you may finally have that revelation that has been eluding you ! your intentions and actions come together with the vocalization of your ideas . if your desire to help others is strong but you need help expressing that , consult someone you respect . through the articulation of your thoughts , you will bring them closer to a reality that can be shared with others . it often helps to take a long walk in order to get your courage up . $ the disappointment you feel from conflict is connected with your desire to see people get along . how strong is that desire ? will it take you out of yourself and make your moods vacillate based on how things are going over there ? to counteract this negative tendency , make the following foods a regular part of your diet : fresh papaya and an herb tea called purple loosestrife . this , along with regular exercise , will reduce the destructive impulse to help others before you help yourself . $ once you have formed an opinion , you usually stick to it . your goal in life is to develop true self - confidence that comes from within . your independence of thought enables you to find the right path leading to a good balance , but you tend to easily lose it in a moment of eccentricity . the best practice to combat this is regular yoga : the gentle firming up of your muscles accompanied by the gentle release of negative energy . $ the truth is very likely that you would rather not be here , but someplace else ! your adventurous nature makes you want to travel to the outer reaches of the universe . health practices such as yoga and meditation can assist you in finding peace . your dietary concerns should focus on getting you grounded . a healthy immune system will prevent weakness . thus , apart from drinking a lot of water , consuming fresh lemon juice and echinacea is recommended . $ an excellent planetary aspect is occurring that elevates your emotional world to the height of the mountaintop . looking at your emotions with perspective is a healthy practice that bolsters self - confidence . consciously creating this perspective on a regular basis is the goal of yoga . finding the right yoga discipline and routine might be your goal this season . the lymphatic system that controls our immune system is also greatly helped by yoga . $ you may have the feeling that things are out of control . if you open up to all that you are feeling , you may become afraid or overwhelmed . it may help you to do some grounding exercise in order to remind yourself that you are in a human body ! the regularity with which you exercise will affect the degree you feel overwhelmed in your life . drinking plenty of water is the second half of the exercise equation . be aware that your body may need more minerals and vitamins , depending on the stress level you experience . $ thanks to the day 's planetary configuration , you will intuitively sense the state of world affairs . this aspect sends messages of brotherly love , and in many cases , meets with resistance . give yourself the benefit of a healthy lifestyle during this critical time in the human story . a healthy lifestyle includes plenty of rest because an overactive mind can take you away from the basics . rest , diet , and exercise should be your mantra during trying times . $ there is so much sensitivity in you . you may feel that peace is all you need to be happy and be heartbroken to see what is going on in the world . try giving yourself peace as much and as often as you can : peace in the bathtub , peace at the dinner table , and peace in bed . learn to require in your own life what you want to see in the world . drawing that power up in yourself will give you focus and ground you . exercise is the mainstay of this dream . $ for every pharmaceutical treatment , there is a holistic way to take care of yourself ! pay attention to where you get your knowledge regarding wellness . do you rely on what your parents taught you ? ( how is their health ? ) do you believe what 's written on all the packaging you buy ? do you have a friend or two who seem tuned in to holistic health care practices ? open yourself to receiving knowledge from new sources and notice the healthy difference it can make in your life . $ as you take charge of your health , you may feel at times that there is a bit too much to keep track of ! diet , routine , exercise , illness , sleep - and everything else that is involved with this thing called self - love . this is why you have friends . your friends can help you assess your situation and figure out the best course of action . sometimes laughing away the tension is all you really need ! $ you are able to intuitively sense what 's needed in a given situation . if you are in the habit of preparing meals for yourself and your family , you are probably naturally gifted at preparing healthy meals . to expand on this gift , you might learn some healthy techniques found in vegetarian or even vegan cookbooks . the perspectives contained in these texts may be new to you , but what you take away will enhance your experience of cooking and eating . $ the current planetary alignment makes you more open to truths that you may otherwise miss . try to think honestly about what you do for yourself that increases your feeling of wellness , and what you do that inhibits your well - being . your personal health regimen needs to be totally specific to your needs . some herbal substances that are said to be beneficial and calming are : jasmine , lavender , lotus , and forget - me - not . incorporate your favorite scent into your bathing ritual ! $ today could bring attention to the throat area , which can be especially sensitive under the current transit . there are several homeopathic treatments which aid an infected throat : astragalus , echinacea , gargling salt mixed into warm water , and putting fresh lemon on your food . a hurt throat sends a message to your body not to speak . this leads to internalization of emotions and can cause mental distress . try to purify your lymphatic system with respect to this condition . $ even though you are a soft and emotional person , you are equally capable of anger and aggression . however , the tendency for most is to internalize anger and aggression , which wreaks havoc upon the immune system , as well as other vital biological systems . if you have experienced this recently , consider taking up a workout that involves ( safely ) kicking , yelling , and hitting inanimate objects . this technique will help you to get out your anger and alleviate pressure and strain . $ drinking an adequate amount of water is difficult for some . it takes time and practice to cultivate the habit . here are some tips : add fresh lemon to your water to enhance the taste and boost your immune system . set realistic expectations for yourself : start with thinking that it 's just as easy to drink two glasses of water as one . and a cup of herbal tea before bedtime definitely counts ! this nightly ritual will both hydrate and relax you . $ feelings of discouragement are a possibility with today 's celestial energies . what you want may seem to be out of reach , quickly breeding a feeling of sadness . focus on all that you do to nurture yourself , and the many small accomplishments you 've made since reading your wellness horoscope ! you can take steps to avoid the pitfalls of depression as soon as you recognize the signs . definitely ask a friend to cheer you up - that 's what real friends love to do ! $ today 's astral configuration provides guidance for your dreams . it might be a good idea to approach a close friend for a little support and advice . they will likely understand where you are coming from and be able to provide you with some inspiration . remember to offer what you are asking for . if you need some help with motivation , for example , explain what prompted you to confide in them : this will motivate that person to help you and enable you to get what you want out of the relationship . $ today 's aspect gives you the insight to cleanse yourself , either physically or emotionally . if something has been bothering you emotionally , usually there is some unresolved issue between you and another person . depending on the severity of this problem , it can help to write out your frustrations or to draw a picture . try to get it outside of you in some way . when you feel you have a handle on the issue , do some physical exercise to stir up new blood and complete the cleansing process . $ as strong as you are spiritually , you must contend with issues of timidity in order to get what you want in this life . with the astral energy at play , you are granted a breather during which it is ok to meander a bit and wonder about things , a natural tendency with you . however , consider getting involved in activities like boxing , kickboxing , or karate in order to increase your confidence and motivation . play around at screaming and punching in the appropriate environment . apart from releasing all that pent - up energy , you could meet a new side of yourself ! $ give yourself an inch and you might take a mile ! i recommend you bring that tendency poolside , if possible ! swimming is an exercise that benefits the body and mind , and it is not an expensive sport . whether you are a beginner or a high school champ , try to integrate this lovely , low - impact sport into your life . it strengthens your lung capacity while toning your whole body , and once you get on a roll it can be like meditation . weather permitting , it 's a wonderful bonus to be outside . $ this is a good time to pay special attention to your feet . filling tubs of warm water should be a usual practice , especially when you regularly have to wear socks or stockings and shoes . if you re able to enlist the help of a special friend to make this a really worthwhile process , that 's even better : add a dozen drops of lavender oil ( or australian tea tree oil ) to the tub of warm water and soak your feet . consider referring to a book on reflexology and discover the therapeutic benefits of foot massage with your friend . $ your intuition functions proportionally to how well you are sleeping at night . to help strengthen your metaphysical talents , try creating a bedtime ritual that you follow religiously for two weeks . whatever strikes you as appropriate : music , a hot bath , rhythmic dancing , stretching , singing lullabies to yourself , anything . try to make your sleep ritual the apex of every 24 - hour period . when you awake , write your dreams in a journal . keeping track will help you notice your progress . $ you love to explore new ideas , your very own adventures of the mind , and you are greatly assisted by today 's astral energy . your idealistic nature tempts you to focus on utopian dreams . you feel this energy as the essence of possibility , and it will be a period of emotional optimism for you . whatever you have doubted to be possible in your health or dietary regimen , now is the time to give it a try . it do not have to be a marathon . start small , and you can make your dreams a reality ! $ do you ever experience cold hands and feet ? this is a sign of weak circulation and can be aided by activities such as fast walking , running and swimming . look at your exercise schedule and pay attention to what really gets your blood moving . if you can afford a massage every few weeks , it 's a good time of year to make this a monthly practice if possible . when all else fails , stand on your head ! not only your blood circulation , but also your immune system will benefit from this special attention . $ you are generally no stranger to suffering . your quiet , internal world is constantly interrupted and disturbed by the goings - on of the human race . in order to keep your equilibrium , you must have one or two hobbies that strengthen your inner world . painting comes to mind or playing some kind of music . knowing the kind of atmosphere you thrive in is paramount . give yourself what you need in order to feel secure in your environment . $ you may want to do some kind of volunteer work . helping the needy is a year - round opportunity , not limited to certain special occasions . pay attention to this part of yourself and to your outgoing nature . if you have like - minded friends , try to start planning a day or two of service in advance , if possible . there are so many opportunities for giving of yourself that you may have a hard time deciding where to focus your attention . $ waiting for the right time can be good advice , but not with regard to developing healthy habits to live by . you need to eat three meals a day with healthy snacks in between ( fresh fruit , for example ) . you need to sleep like a baby - and there are ways to create more successful sleeping habits if you need help . you need to drink enough water to keep your immune system strong and your elimination process in tune . these are things that do not benefit from waiting . $ you seem to love games that involve mystery - have you been playing enough board games lately ? generally speaking , there are not enough adults who play board games these days . human beings are among the most playful creatures on earth . when it comes to working together to solve a mystery , we easily combine forces . indulge your sense of mystery in choosing the books you read , the films you see , even the kinds of conversation you initiate with your friends . socrates said , i have decided to be happy because it is good for my health ! $ you are quite sensitive to color , light , and sound . is your home environment nurturing you as it should ? apart from what 's in the fridge and cupboards ( of utmost importance ) , do you have the color of paint that you desire on your walls ? do you have plants that are able to grow in a well - lit space ? do you have the kind of music you like to play in the privacy of your own home ? these things matter to your well - being as much as anything else ! $ nothing can pick up your soul like fresh juice with lots of ginger in it . this season , treat yourself to one of the greatest man - made creations ever : a juicer . if you have never made your own juice , you are in for a treat . if you 've had it in restaurants , you will experience new depths of self - love when you drink it in the privacy of your own kitchen , or dare i say , bathtub . carrot , apple and ginger root is a marvelous blend . $ you are the kind of spirited nature john lennon had in mind when he wrote the song imagine . the ideal world that is always just out of our reach , where all things live in harmony , is where you really want to be . thus , you are no stranger to suffering here on earth . emotional suffering negatively impacts your immune system , and vice versa . to toughen up your immune system , keep some echinacea around the house and add 8 - 10 drops of it to your nightly herbal tea . $ you are easily taken aback by people who seem to know what they want and how to get it . remember that your reflective nature tends to give a lot of credit to others while at the same time depriving yourself of the same . break this pattern of find yourself in a rut , comparing yourself to others or worse , manipulating others to balance the insecurity you feel . openly communicate with those who do things you would like to be able to do : you will be surprised at how they help you ! $ you have experienced a lot of emotional impact over the past couple of months , and it would behoove you to process it in a series of yoga exercises in preparation for any upcoming new experiences . your breath is most important now - slow and deep breathing exercises can make a world of difference in your outlook . taking your breath seriously can mean the difference between experiencing a coming together rather than a falling apart in the months ahead . $ you like to be part of a healthy relationships , whether with one person or with a whole group of people . for this reason , it can give you a lot of satisfaction to be part of a volunteer organization . you get to pick the cause of your choice and the people you meet are bound to be good people , like you , potentially with common interests . if you want to get in shape while you serve , look into walks or runs that raise money for worthy causes . $ with today 's transit , you may feel motivated to participate in some group activity that involves planning and helping others . even if it 's a small birthday party for a friend , respect this need of yours to be involved in spreading a sense of community , if possible . to experience a sense of participation to the fullest , be sure to exercise and get your blood circulating . when you feel physically engaged with your own strength , you are more grounded and ready to give . $ a feeling of peace or satisfaction is available to you now and though you might not know the source , it feels a long time coming . typically , it 's possible for you to go about finding the source of this feeling in what others might call a backwards approach . begin a discipline now of healthy practices . a diet of light foods and plenty of water along with physical activities might reveal to you the source of this peaceful feeling . $ although you may be known as a great healing spirit , you must learn how to heal yourself as well ! your sensitive soul may feel like retreating from all the hoopla around you but stay attuned to your need for companionship . keep up with your exercise routine and try to find a workout companion , if possible , to make the going a bit easier . there may be someone you work with or live by who would be inspired by an invitation to join you for a walk or run in the park . this way you help someone else while you help yourself ! $ today 's planetary movement makes the world seem very real to you - whatever you are feeling inside , you will have no problem finding something to identify with on the outside . you will benefit from asserting yourself on the physical plane under this transit . consider doing something out - of - doors , a walk or run in the woods or in a park . connect to the healthiest signs you see in nature and bring that natural confirmation back to your own emotional truth . $ the most effective measure of a healthy diet is how well you sleep . the quality of rest you enjoy has to do with how finely tuned your body is . what you eat affects your ability to exercise and relax . take the time to notice how your body digests what you eat . red meat is difficult to digest - leafy greens are easy to digest . get familiar with the spectrum and start treating your body the way you would a finely tuned instrument . $ you are startled by the violence you see in the world , and you need to balance out the shock with predictably soothing activities . surround yourself with gentleness in your home - create a safe haven . practice soothing exercises such as yoga , stretching , and walking . calm your mind with reading positive material and practicing meditation in any way you see fit . give yourself the balance you need , and notice when you need to balance . walking is a wonderful exercise for regaining balance . $ the planetary energy can make this an emotional time for you , filling you with sensitivity and awareness . you may or may not have been taught how to develop your sensitivity and awareness as a child , but it 's never too late to start ! if you realize that there is something or someone you need to let go of at this time , why not create some kind of ritual that will give you the necessary closure you need ? nurture your spirituality when you feel open to it . $ you can benefit tremendously from a group physical activity , if possible , such as a team that trains together for an athletic event . the group spirit is uplifting for your nature , which tends to be introverted when left alone . and , having a goal can help shape your perspective about life , which can otherwise become obtuse and slightly pessimistic if you are not careful . enjoy yourself with friends who are physically active , if you can , and see what energy comes of it . $ it is easy for you to get carried away with emotions - your own or other people 's - and it 's important to balance yourself with grounding physical activities . walking is preferable to using a car or public transportation , weather permitting . be defiant when it comes to taking time for yourself , as you will pay a high price for ignoring your personal needs . sitting down for a cup of herbal tea is also a nice thing to do for yourself . stay calm and centered . $ wishing you were somewhere else is a recipe for a bad mood ! it 's not what you say , but rather what you do that matters - so if you want to go away , it 's time to start planning that future vacation ! but if you are merely frustrated it will serve you to examine your diet and exercise regimen . are you working out at least three times a week ? are you drinking more water than you ever thought possible ? these are realistic goals that will take you someplace new - inside yourself . $ you may feel playful and especially warm toward your partner , your children , or your friends today . expressing this energy to your loved ones is at the same time an opportunity to address yourself in the most loving way possible . if you have needs that you rarely express to those you love , take advantage of this time to get your own needs across in a playful or friendly way . invite those you love to notice the part of you that you most want them to see . $ one of the best ways to feel free of negative energy is to make an agreement with yourself to take a break from reading or listening to the news , even if it s just for a day . remember : there s a fine line between staying woke and never sleeping again . in order for your immune system to fight off illness it needs on average a solid eight hours of sleep a night . in order to be able to sleep your body needs to know that it doesn t have to be on high alert . those of us who are particularly empathic need to be especially careful when it comes to the media we consume : be it heart wrenching segments on the nightly news or ultra - violent movies before bedtime , you aren t doing your endocrine , nervous , and immune systems any favors by exposing it to over - stimulating , frightening content . $ you may feel extra emotional today and it is important to stick to some semblance of a routine so that the planetary energy do not overpower you . do anything you can to bolster your nervous and immune systems by choosing peaceful activities over highly stimulating ones . $ giving yourself the benefit of the doubt is critical if you are indeed seeking to change your health habits for the better . it 's hard to change old patterns ! it 's a day - by - day effort , and real change takes time . if you feel the one step forward to two steps back syndrome , lighten up a little bit and focus on the positive . when it comes to health , your basic attitude is what matters most . keep that in mind . $ you would do good to stay away from processed sugar ! you can be easily excited by what you ingest . sugar and preservatives are among the greatest triggers for you . the planetary alignment dominates the emotional territory at this time , and it may be best to stay a respectful distance from all that winds you up . on the other hand , what releases pent up energy is highly recommended during this transit . exercise , meditation , sleep - choose your source of relaxation ! $ you are known to many as a slow mover but actually you have a lot of energy inside you , which is why activities such as yoga and pilates are recommended . deep breathing is what makes yoga so beneficial , and many people do not even realize this ! make the most of whatever you do for exercise by breathing deeply as you do it . you will get twice as much out of it and feel reinvigorated without putting any extra stress on your body . $ today 's planetary alignment gives you the freedom to take your feelings seriously , without being tricked by the serious expectations you may put on yourself at other times of the month . what does expanding your horizons mean to you ? it might be time to find out - or , if you know what gives you a boost , go ahead and ask for it ! even something as humble as a walk on the beach with your dog ( or a friend , or a friend 's dog ! ) could be the answer to opening up to your true feelings . $ the wonderful quality of empathy that you represent is only as good as it feels to you . that is , if you are not able to give someone else what they want in a relationship , that is just fine . just be sure to communicate to others when you have reached your limit . this way you will avoid any unnecessary guilt . in the meantime , you would do well to focus on what you can do for yourself in terms of your physical health . $ the planetary alignment today gives you the intensity you sometimes lack . you may feel more easily aroused , more vital , more prone to outburst , just plain more of everything ! as you begin to express your feelings , be aware that a regular fitness schedule can help you manage this emotional state that is not your usual . enjoy this transit but try to avoid saying anything you might regret later by letting out some steam through regular exercise . $ there are times when you , who are typically emotional and internalized , can be outgoing and glamorous , and with today 's planetary alignment , you have the opportunity to shine ! you may experience a day or two of feeling you want to entertain and share your bubbly mood with those you love . why not spread good cheer with a bountiful feast made from organic produce that is grown locally ? prepare a meal with the intention to spread this feeling of wellbeing throughout your intimate community . $ your romantic nature may be easily aroused these days . the movement of the planets gives you a chance to separate your mind from your body to a certain degree , giving you greater sensation in your body than your sometimes - overwhelming emotions . to enhance this experience , be sure to get regular exercise and eat light but nourishing foods such as fresh salads or seasonal vegetables and fish . your sensitivities will tantalize you and probably someone else , too ! $ the aspect of the day will quite possibly find you brooding about how to get a head start . for one thing , you cannot go wrong by paying attention to your body . if your mind is feeling foggy , do not let it stop you from getting out into the fresh air for an invigorating walk every day . if your heart is feeling blue , do not let that stop you from reaching out to people who care about you and asking for some extra tlc ! $ today s astral configuration brings you a powerful dose of energy that you may use in any way you like . however , it must be said that unheeded , this kind of energy can be depressive . we recommend you use it in the following way : externally and within a given structure . get into a regular exercise regimen . start out with moderation so you are not discouraged . routine aerobic exercise will raise your level of energy in a stable way , preventing the downfall that comes with inconsistency . $ the predominant energy running through the planets these days gives you a subtle joy in your spirit . this lovely feeling can be enhanced through attending social and cultural events ( virtual if necessary ) with friends or loved ones . when you are in these situations , to look and feel your best try concentrating on your posture . the way you stand can have a great effect on how you feel and how others feel around you . posture effects how you breathe , and this is key . $ there is a planetary energy acting like fire and water when joined together , and it makes you feel charged . to picture this energy , imagine an olympic swimmer . think of the drive and force necessary to move through the pool . this kind of energy is somehow affecting you now . to stay calm and collected , it will benefit you to do some exercise that expands your lungs with air . and in doing so , you will realize that you can indeed achieve balance . $ the planetary alignment today makes you feel ever ready to take on the next phase of your personal development . spiritually , emotionally , physically - whatever development you are focused on right now , today 's aspect will help you take the lead . yoga is a practice that combines all of those areas into one and when practiced on a daily basis , yoga can help you make the most of this transit . you have about ten days left , so do not miss out ! prepare yourself with water intake before you practice . $ with the present astral configuration , you may already sense that something is afoot ! focus on staying in optimal health . try to eat at home more than you eat takeout . it 's a better way to stay healthy with food from restaurants you are probably eating more sauces and things ( bread ) that you would not eat when preparing meals at home . and , when you prepare your own food you are more aware of how your digestive system reacts to the substances you eat . $ today 's planetary alignment impels you to focus your intentions on something physical and real . one way to express this is to start taking your physical health seriously . are you still finding excuses rather than getting the regular exercise your body requires ? are you drinking enough water to stay hydrated all the time ? are you looking for healthy food when you go grocery shopping ? healthy habits can be formed during this transit . $ there is often more than meets the eye , even for a sensitive soul like you ! you could be seeing more than most but may not be focused on what 's right in front of you . the aspect of the day makes us all more aware of what has real value for the heart , and what is only a passing fancy . it 's important to center yourself during this time of spiritual expansion . your body , your health , and your relationships deserve your focused attention . $ your psychic nature will be alive this week as the current aspects light up the path to all our higher natures . you may feel a certain physical energy as well - a kind of boost that will not actually get you very far during a workout or on a run . keep your power centered on your diet and do not push yourself physically . your diet should include fish and sources of vitamin a ( spirulina , chlorella and other blue - green algae ) to keep your inner eye seeing straight ! $ today s planetary alignment makes this a week to assert your right to be you - particularly in your own head . give yourself permission to do what you really want to do . this will undoubtedly include something for your body - a massage , a virtual yoga class , a gourmet meal from a favorite takeout restaurant . whatever your self - expression , keep your body a part of it . feel your feelings with your body - give yourself permission to revel in it ! $ your dreams of a better world will seem crystal clear while the favorable planetary alignment lasts . balance your internal and external lives with robust exercise and you stand a better chance of achieving these dreams - beginning with your own life . be an example of what you want for the world . if it 's a healthy world you want , why not be the picture of health in your own world ? start by doubling your daily intake of water . $ you might sense all that is wrong with the world , but others might not be as aware as you are this week ! the planetary alignment today will surely cause some frustration , some feeling of inequality that is hard for you to reckon with . do not take this out on your friends . to keep your mood steady , make sure there is plenty of vitamins a and c in your diet . fresh fruits and vegetables keep our tempers mellow , and any excess energy is best taken care of by going to the gym , if possible . $ the planetary transit today is like having a boost of positive energy where it counts most : your own self - confidence . you can increase the effect of this month - long transit by grounding your physical self in healthy routines such as regular meals with no snacking in between , and exercise at least four times a week . you have a choice : get the most out of this transit ( and your entire year is likely to benefit ) or ignore it and wonder what might have been . $ get plenty of rest while this planetary alignment lasts . you will likely have active dreams and it is worthwhile to write them down and take note of what you find meaningful in them . your physical energy may feel low , but your mental energy is high : this is a time to continue exercising but perhaps in a more mellow way ( yoga ? ) . this is a time to let your mind have a long reach - expand your personal time to include meditative practices such as walking and reading . $ today 's planetary transit does not create the easiest of periods , and it just so happens that it influences you especially ! pay special attention to your inner critic . during this transit you are likely to put yourself under enormous pressure to get all the details right , and when you do not you may suffer the consequences . instead , take the bigger picture into consideration and pay attention most importantly to your health - physical and emotional health . make time to exercise . $ today 's aspect means you have got to look at yourself and separate what you need from what you think you need . what you need is plenty of rest , physical exercise and a healthy diet . what you think you need can often be detrimental and , like it or not , this aspect is going to show you why . to avoid any kind of harsh surprises , keep focused on what is truly healthy : diet and exercise . $ you are enjoying the celestial atmosphere during this period , and the planetary alignment turns up the heat quite a lot ! in fact , if you find yourself craving spicy foods it may be a sign that you have a lot of fiery energy inside waiting to come out ! get yourself down to the gym , if possible , or find another way to work out at least three times a week . drink plenty of water to balance out all that fire and to flush out toxins that will be released with exercise . $ today 's transit emphasizes your sharp , inventive mind . you will find countless ways of doing the same thing so that it do not get boring . you can make up stories for your kids at bedtime with no problem . you can entertain yourself while waiting in the doctor 's office . be careful not to get mired in the mental world , however . it 's important to stay committed to your exercise regimen to stay balanced and enjoy this transit . $ the planetary alignment today gives you a magical quality . it is subtle , so do not expect to be competing with harry potter , but you can internally feel a special energy if you meditate on this for a moment . there is magic in having a body - it allows us to feel the most incredible things . take note of these feelings and consider what you can do for your body that will enhance these thrilling feelings . $ today 's aspect emphasizes your dreamy nature . today is a good day for being creative , for communicating with friends , and giving yourself the time you need to understand what you are feeling about a particular subject . you do not always have to know the right answer , but it helps to know what you are feeling . taking care of yourself means eating the best produce available , drinking plenty of water and getting enough rest each night . exercise keeps you from becoming stagnant . $ today 's transit makes you prone to miscommunication . this is not to say you must keep your mouth closed , however you will benefit from thinking before you speak . exercise is a great way to slow down the mind while taking care of the body . a long run through open space can give you what you need to make yourself understood : clarity of mind , surety of purpose , and the best of intentions . drink lots of water to wash out those annoying toxins ! $ the celestial energy today is favorable , full of playfulness and vulnerability in the right relationships . you may not find you can express yourself in words , but today 's aspect allows you to show your feelings through gesture and movement , hugs and kisses . to feel this energy ever more deeply , be sure to follow your exercise regimen . do not skimp on the aerobic exercise ! sending oxygen to your muscles will make you feel warm and happy all over . $ today , stick to what you know is good for you . whether it 's yoga , running , resting , drinking more water , or being extra communicative in your relationships , it will help ease the sense of being pulled in several different directions at once . that which you know is unhelpful to you , whether it 's drinking , smoking , or using some false form of the pleasure principle to mask your real needs , is sure to ultimately backfire . take good care of yourself . $ you would do good to stay away from processed sugar ! you can be easily excited by what you ingest . sugar and preservatives are among the greatest triggers for you . the planetary alignment dominates the emotional territory at this time , and it may be best to stay a respectful distance from all that winds you up . on the other hand , what releases pent - up energy is highly recommended during this transit . exercise , meditation , sleep - choose your source of relaxation ! $ you are poised to move with your best foot forward . take stock of the progress you 've made in your diet or health regimen and plan your next step ! the time has come to begin a new phase . if you 've been indecisive about starting something , you now have the energy to take that first step . if you 've been trimming down or firming up , you are able to feel the positive effects . this is a day of strength , affirmation and confidence . $ you 're going to have plenty of energy tonight , and it 's apt to bring you a lot of pleasure . it 's a good night for doing something physical or sensual . this could be dancing or cooking a wonderful meal at home . take it for what it is worth - remember that the sensual is a world unto itself and do not necessarily need to have romantic connotations . use this energy to show your love directly and simply to those you care for . give and receive physical contact in a healthy , simple way . $ give yourself the time you need to get your work accomplished so that you can then devote the necessary time to your relationships . this is a day to take comfort in what you know is real and good in your life : friends , children , lovers and parents . contact a lost friend , offer to help your child with their homework , ask your partner for a little tenderness . whatever it is you can do to get the most out of your personal relationships is recommended for today . $ the good news is , you 're going to look your best today ! the glow on your face will come from a mysterious inner source , or at least that 's how others may perceive it . you may not exactly feel well balanced on the inside , but you certainly can enjoy being told you look great . go ahead and enhance it by styling your hair differently or spending a little extra time in the bathroom pulling yourself together . oh , and by the way , there is no bad news ! $ there 's a level of frustration in the air today that you 'll want to avoid . stay away from temptations ( such as processed sugar ) by keeping your mind on your responsibilities and goals - all that you have to look forward to . if you insist on having a battle of the wills today , have it with your desire to eat ice cream and not with someone you care about ! to be victorious means resisting the urge to do the little self - destructive things you will regret tomorrow . $ this is a period in which you will benefit from taking seriously all that is soft , feminine , and introspective . the astral energy is emphasizing understanding and yes , tlc . treat your body well and be sure to drink lots of water . also - instead of taking the easy route , it would behoove you to strengthen your commitment to help those in need . take care of yourself first , then spread the love around a little . $ powers of common sense triumph when you facilitate the release of your energies through exercise . all those surface emotions that occur when one is surprised , angered or confused need a regular outlet . find the spot where your stress level appears in your body and manage it naturally . if you suffer from migraines , you can use a wonderful herb called feverfew and brew a tea from it . if you have low tolerance for stress , increase the iron in your blood by consuming lentils . $ you 'll have your usual boundless energy today , along with some extra emotional awareness that may come as a pleasant surprise . to tap into this compassionate energy , be sure to drink plenty of water and stay away from processed foods , as they can disturb your mood . doing yoga or meditating would be wonderful gifts to give to yourself . listening to loud music where you can get up and dance would be a superb way to act out the combination of energies that are available to you . $ when the planets are in harmony you can expect to feel psychically in tune with what is most important to you . you can sense how important it is for you to exercise before you do anything else . when you get your excess energy out at the gym or in a challenging yoga session , for example , you are more likely to say what you mean and mean what you say when you are with your friends . pay attention to your inner wisdom . $ relieve your stress level today with some form of exercise that cheers you up . what you do for your body you also must do for your spirit . running with a friend or dancing to your favorite disco songs , something to pump up your heart rate as well as your sense of humor . the kind of energy we have comes largely from the activities we choose to participate in - choose something that makes you smile ! $ today 's astral energy leaves you feeling alive and open to new things . the best complement to these emotional energies is a diet that 's easy to process and stretching your body . light foods such as soups , salads and fish can be very satisfying for the entire body . remember to eat slowly to allow for the maximum benefit of a meal . exercise in the morning is recommended . drink plenty of water , preferably at room temperature . $ saying what you mean is going to seem much easier today . your emotions may bubble up when you least expect it , and you may even send a stinging word out of your mouth without realizing it . the wise will take extra care to burn off energy in the body with exercise and will be mindful of getting proper rest . when the body is conditioned , the mind follows a more predictable path , and relating to others becomes more harmonious . $ it could feel challenging to express yourself spontaneously today . with the current celestial atmosphere , you 're probably not going to get your way no matter how hard you try . in fact , trying hard is futile in this sort of configuration . it 's best to just take the easy route . stick to your usual routine and wait this one out . it 's important to get a little exercise so the frustrated energy gets released as quickly as it appears . $ the day 's astral energy emphasizes your changeable nature . the key here is to keep your balance as you accept all the challenges that life presents and succeed . you know that your sensitive nature needs to be taken care of especially well in times of stress . do what you love best . take some time out , lie back , listen to the music you love and let your imagination take you places . $ giving in to that which makes your power grow is a good idea . this certainly involves movement of some kind . any kind of exercise that gets your heart rate up while stretching your limbs is recommended : running , bikram yoga , ashtanga yoga , pilates , etc . competitive sports are not recommended today , as your energy might be affected adversely by the win - lose dynamic . take your time before you speak ; you will be able to have a way with words if you know exactly what you want . $ today 's pleasant aspect concerns all things romantic . you will be especially able to use your intuitive powers to sense the right time to make your feelings known , and your body in a way that feels pleasing to you and to others . this could be your facial expressions , physical affection , or perhaps giving those who need it their space . to enhance this harmonious aspect , treat yourself to something that relaxes both body and mind : a massage , a sauna or a walk in the woods . $ your patience level could be low today . honor your impatience with appropriate measures . give yourself extra time to get to your appointments , and do not set yourself up for frustrating situations . when it comes to eating , choose what you put into your body carefully . be sure you like what you order or prepare ; otherwise , you will not be relaxed and truly fulfilled by your meal . on another note - it is best to hold your tongue if a dispute threatens to arise with a lover or friend . $ the feeling that you can accomplish all that you set out to do is strong today . make a point of centering yourself . whether this is with a yoga session or a walk with the dog , it will be the apex of your day . with focus , you can channel your energy into the higher power that it truly is . you will relish feeling passionate about those you love , and for causes you champion . give yourself the benefit of drinking lots of water : the time and effort it takes can center you . $ your ideals will feel especially sensitive to you today . you may sympathize with others more than you normally do but be careful that you do not get caught up in the role of champion for others . that is a noble sentiment , but you need to stay focused on yourself right now , and this will take some committed effort . if possible , go for a run with a friend and discuss issues that concern you . the increased oxygen intake will settle your mind . $ if you followed yesterday 's advice , you would perhaps feel the benefit of maintaining your personal energy within yourself - not giving it out to other people or situations . building further on this , try staying focused on your breath today . exercise , and eat your meals slowly and deliberately so that your breath remains the priority in all that you do . the rhythm of your breathing is the guiding pulse to maintaining positive energy . doing what 's right for yourself is not always easy . stay focused . $ remember it 's not the situation that matters , it 's how you handle it . continue to breathe consciously , focusing on your breath when you exercise and when you go to sleep as a way of heightening awareness . what you eat is important , but how you put food into your mouth is more important , today . first , make sure the food is appetizing to your body and mind . next , arrange the food in a pleasing manner before beginning to eat . center yourself . eat slowly and enjoy . $ if you run into difficulty today , it will benefit you to take a break and give yourself some quiet , private time to cool down before taking action . there is a strong tendency to act irrationally . give others the benefit of the doubt . remember the phrase : i 'll have to think about this and get back to you . these words can help when your emotions are too hot to allow you to think on the spot . drinking hot beverages will help cool your interior pathways . $ the planetary configuration that is forming today will strengthen your psychic abilities . there is wisdom in cultivating these abilities , and that often means not acting on them right away . to help with the cultivation process , bring yourself into a centered place and make room inside yourself to house your intuitive energies . getting a yoga workout in is highly recommended , although be careful in choosing which positions to focus on . it needs to be about your own focus and concentration . $ your powers of communication continue to be strong . today 's physical focus should be on your feet ! yes - wherever you plant your feet indicates the direction in which you will head . the aspect at play asks you to be determined , and to follow through on what you say . it 's a great day to pick up an exercise routine you 've been talking about , and likewise to really think about the expression you are what you eat . $ there is daring in the air , and you are one to pick up on that sort of thing . you may feel flirtatious , or gullible , or even a bit arrogant today . it 's probably best to conserve some of that daring energy , since you 'll likely be sensitive and easily offended . try to challenge yourself rather than looking for other , outside challenges . run an extra mile , take on a new yoga position or try to squeeze your exercise into a busy schedule . you could also try out one of the martial arts techniques through virtual classes or workshops . $ today is likely the day you will be tempted to stray from your healthy diet or skip the exercise that is so vital to your well - being ! there is an escapist yearning in the air , causing behavior to become associated with food and laziness . if you 're going to sit home and watch a movie tonight , try to make small concessions : soy - based ice cream , popcorn with yeast flavoring instead of butter , fresh lemonade instead of soda pop ! $ when you feel lost , and like you do not know what you want , stick to your routine . with the proper care of your body ( good , fresh food , plenty of water and exercise ) , the subconscious will eventually reveal itself . create a nurturing and predictable pattern for yourself today . breathe consciously . a basic hatha yoga workout would help quiet your mind . whatever message is hidden inside of you will come out as long as you prepare yourself to receive . let go and embrace the step of not knowing . $ today you may feel a shift in your ability to center yourself and practice a healthful routine . the celestial energies increase your ability to sense your emotions , however , you may be left with feelings of ambivalence . you tend to drop a practice when you do not get an answer quickly , but this would be foolish right now ! if you did yoga yesterday , great ! do it again today . if today is your first workout in a while , just doing it will help a lot . $ today provides a wonderful transit for you . you will be able to notice what you are ready to get rid of - certain behavior patterns , old food in the cupboards , and old clothes in the closet . even some relationships may reveal themselves to be unhealthy and outgrown . you can gain a lot by giving up the old and outdated . take stock of your life - get rid of what do not work for you and create room for all that is new . $ if you find balancing many possibilities an exhausting and pointless exercise , consider changing your point of view and focusing that energy to your benefit . try alternating as many different outlets as you can in your workout routine : swim one day , run another , and do some challenging yoga in between to stretch and strengthen your muscles . or try martial arts to keep yourself alert and fit . remember to drink plenty of water in order to secure your inner source of productivity . $ today 's planetary alignment gives you the freedom to take your feelings seriously , without being tricked by the serious expectations you may put on yourself at other times of the month . what does expanding your horizons mean to you ? it might be time to find out - or , if you know what gives you a boost , go ahead and ask for it ! even something as humble as a walk on the beach with your dog ( or a friend , if possible , or a friend 's dog ! ) could be the answer to opening up to your true feelings . $ given the many options you have in life , the sensation of being overwhelmed can become the norm . today 's aspect gives some respite , allowing you to communicate in the way you would like to . this includes how you speak to yourself inside your head . with all of the healthy - living emphasis on diet and exercise , it is easy to forget that the most nurturing part of ourselves is really in our mind . how you treat yourself mentally is more important than low - fat anything . think about it ! $ speaking your truth is the beauty of life and relationships , otherwise all beauty is hollow , and life becomes merely a charade . if you feel the tug of certain buried truths , it is wise to welcome them forth with the dedication to making yourself whole . if you feel you need more sleep in order to gear up for the changes you sense afoot , have the courage to say no to an unhealthy meal , and get to bed as early as you see fit . no excuses necessary ! $ giving yourself room to do what is right for you may bring up issues of fitting in with the group . sometimes what is right changes , and you must break with the past . resistance to change comes from fear that a particular love source will disappear as soon as we shift . grounding yourself in your own reality through physical exercise is a powerful way to practice meditation without doing anything much out of the ordinary . remind yourself that self - love is what we need most . $ the planets are giving you lots of fresh energy to play with ! the energy is fanciful and light , yet significant . this is not a time to enjoy the silly things in life and forget the rest , but rather to expand your horizons and invite the new into your life . give up the habits that have kept you in stuck positions . change does not have to be intense and traumatic - but it does take work . drink red clover tea to help your blood break down those stuck places . $ this is a good time for encouraging different aspects of your inner self to come out of hiding , in order to help shift your habits to fit your true needs . breaking down the old and welcoming the new is favored , and therefore developing the skills of careful aim and diligent follow through . be vigilant in your healthy choices ( choose to drink copious amounts of water ! ) and be even more vigilant in opening yourself up to learn what is inside . $ you have been on a journey of process , it seems , and you may be craving something that you can sink your teeth into . whatever you are craving , your internal organs are most likely craving as well . give them something they can really gnaw on , such as : kale , chard , fennel , and chicory . leafy green salads and roots vegetables can make a big difference in your outlook on life , believe it or not . take a night off from working out and plan some meals that include these ingredients . $ today 's planetary alignment gives you the ability to weigh both sides of an issue and decide which conclusion to draw . the planetary energies working together are reminiscent of the effects of the combos : diet and exercise , rest and action , time alone and time shared with others whenever possible . in each coupling , there is the preparation aspect and the realization aspect . bringing this kind of balance into your life takes commitment - it does not happen by chance . meditate ( whatever that means to you ) , and focus . $ there is a lot of unconscious material being stimulated right now , and you typically are not fond of this sort of thing . the manner in which you handle the unconscious is up to you . pick an area in your life - such as diet , for example , and decide to aggressively improve it . through the introduction of new nutritious substances ( tofu , root vegetables , spices ) and learning how to prepare them , your hidden feeling will be encouraged to risk making themselves known to you . $ some resistance always arises whenever change is introduced . a river 's path is not altered without a few battles between substances ! this is a natural process : let the part of you that does not want to change a habit or the part of you that do not want to open up and be exposed have its say , full and complete . then ask yourself : who is boss ? some decision must be made in order for any process to be worthwhile . walking is a good exercise to do while thinking this over . $ you can organize your life to fit your needs , the options are there for the taking . if ever the planets were encouraging you realize that you are in the driver 's seat , it is now . to bring the challenge down to a more tangible level , try challenging yourself to a more demanding physical routine . this could mean anything from starting to exercise for the first time in your life to deciding this is the year you will run a marathon . either way , you are taking control . $ today 's planetary alignment is there to encourage you in your pursuit of truth . this is like the hollywood starlet carrying out the director 's wishes with perfection and grace , creating something sublime . in other words , act out your fantasies ! remember that in order to do this successfully , you must plan . a great thing to plan is the meals you will eat in a week . plan all of them ( or up to 5 days worth ) at the start of each week . you will reap enormous benefits : physically , emotionally and financially . $ today 's energy can make us feel lonely and depressed . fear that we will not be able to accomplish what we need to accomplish grows when we are isolated . if you are in a financial position to hire a personal trainer - even for a short time - you may benefit from the experience of sharing the burden of getting into better shape , if that s possible . it is through continuing to relate to others that we make it through the tunnel and come out on the other side , where the view is magnificent . trust me ! $ on the one hand , you see many of your strengths and feel pretty good about yourself . on the other hand , you feel the one nagging thing you have not been able to quite work out dragging you down . if you continue to compare yourself to others , you will create a real problem for yourself . if you use the positive to confront the negative within yourself , you stand a chance of a real breakthrough . try to keep yourself centered through some aerobic exercise to keep the fresh blood flowing . $ today 's planetary transit makes you highly sensitive to the needs of others . you would like to see those around you feeling good . truly the most effective way of expressing this desire is to feel good yourself . perhaps on your run today you will feel like acknowledging other runners - connecting in that way that only people with sweat pouring down their faces can ! or you may want to attend a virtual yoga class where you can experience the group high of many people treating their bodies well . $ your body 's voice is apt to be silent at times . so , you will need to adhere to a regimen that does not fluctuate with every new idea that comes to your mind . when you need to motivate yourself , think of your health as a job . the successful candidate will exercise aerobically three times a week , take care to eat three balanced meals a day with only fresh fruits or vegetables for snacks between meals , and drink inordinate amounts of water throughout the day . this approach may help you stay focused when your mind is in a cloudy state . $ today 's aspects create useful energy . use this energy to get what you need and like it ! it can be physical , emotional or quite possibly sexual - and you will derive satisfaction from knowing that you are your sole soul provider ! this aspect is all about satisfaction and knowing you are in control . acknowledging the energy will cause it to grow within you , so i strongly suggest getting out there and exercising with gusto : running , walking , hiking , biking , etc . $ the sensitivity you have around issues concerning your health is rooted in your very nature . it is a nature rooted in action and receptivity . when your health is in question you tend to become depressed . therefore , take the matters of exercise , rest , and a nutritious diet seriously - make them priorities no matter where you are or what you are doing . your sensitive nature depends on nurturing and constant attention . $ too much activity will take a toll on your body . you need to pay special attention to how much relaxation time you give yourself . if you exercise during the morning , make sure you get to bed early enough at night . do not spread yourself thin or your immune system might be put in jeopardy . to encourage you to relax , get in the habit of drinking herbal tea which is also a nice excuse to sit still for half an hour ! $ today 's planetary movement gives you more conviction than you know how to deal with . get used to bold feelings and confusion . people might tell you that you 're self - centered when you 're feeling kind . you might not know exactly how to love yourself . give yourself some space by letting the little things count . wash your toes when you take a shower . get a haircut , if possible . do not bite your nails . exercise when you feel stressed or anxious . focus on yourself in a positive way . $ feeling a little blocked lately ( emotionally or physically ) ? this might have something to do with a tense period you 're going through , where things tend to get a little bottlenecked . keep all channels open with plenty of water and fresh vegetables and at least a few virtual yoga classes or whatever exercise releases your tension the best . try to do this whenever you are subjected to a lot of stress , rather than putting it off until afterwards . you will be much happier ! $ with so much physical energy at your disposal , it 's a wonder that you are not a professional athlete or dancer ! you must have realized by now that you are one vital individual . today you might seriously consider the ramifications of this and decide it 's time to implement some health habits into your life that will bring that energy to a constructive level . regular exercise and a balanced diet may not be enough ! meditation could do you good , or maybe the martial arts ? $ it 's never too late to begin your health regimen . whatever you find yourself doing in the present moment can be shifted in a healthier direction . if you 're about to have a meal , think about the most nutritious thing you could enjoy , and make that your priority . if you 're about to go home , ask yourself what kind of exercise you can fit in between now and bedtime , and make it happen ! with practice , the healthy habits will come naturally . $ give yourself the benefit of looking good . that 's right : pay attention to how you look . this is not as superficial as it sounds . making yourself look good is an effort to notice what you like about yourself and what you feel are your strongest characteristics . noticing this is the first step toward acting on what you want to improve . whether it 's a haircut or some exercise , you will accept what you need to do more readily in the context of looking good . $ learn all you can about maintaining optimal health . food choices and exercise are of course daily concerns , but it would also pay to develop a knowledge base about the functioning of your internal organs . do you know much about your colon and how to keep it healthy ? do you know how to take care of your kidneys with proper hydration ? there is abundant information on the web - take advantage and start feeling even better than you do at your best ! $ with today 's planetary movements , it 's time to look at your what foods you ve been eating regularly and how it 's affecting your emotions . practice taking a good look at how you are feeling when you get ready for bed and when you get ready for work in the morning . do you feel strong and flexible , calm , and relaxed ? food has a tremendous impact on how we process our emotions , both what we eat and how we eat it . start paying closer attention , it may be time to re - examine some of your habits like eating while taking in a particularly upsetting news segment , or eating at your desk because you don t feel you can afford the time it takes to take a proper lunch break . $ give yourself the room you need to have a good , healthy week . this involves planning ahead . have an idea of what sort of workout you are going to enjoy each day , plan at least three meals that you prepare at home ( with leftovers for lunch the next day ! ) , and give yourself a general hour by which to be ready for bed . this kind of planning will stand you in good stead as you try to settle your body 's energy during hectic times . $ it 's time for you to start thinking about what your goals are health - wise . there is no way to hit the target if you are a jumble of thoughts inside . make sure you have the rest you need to allow you to think clearly with a rested mind . if you have access to these foods and can tolerate them , consider adding beets ( don t forget that beet greens are delicious sautéed with a bit of garlic , lemon , and olive oil ) , tomatoes , and dark green vegetables in your meals to help cleanse your liver . most of all focus on developing a habit of mild exercise that you can do nearly every day . your mind could use a break from running itself in circles , and one of the easiest ways to do this is to engage in physical activities that ground you into your body . $ sagittarius is always ready to try something ( or someone ) new . you find it easier to say yes than no . you are responsible for what you bring into your life and consequences are very real . likewise , we are responsible to our bodies . what we eat is going to stick with us . you will feel what you let into your body for much longer than the time it takes to ingest it . pay special attention to this process and learn the benefits of saying no . $ you may have the best of intentions but not enough follow through in your exercise regimen . one way to take the burden off yourself is to join a group that exercises regularly - a virtual team or a class of some sort . this will keep you on track in spite of your mood . you can also enlist the help of a physical trainer , though this is the more expensive option . do not let a little planetary configuration get in the way of your best foot forward ! $ today 's transit is a lovely one for the sensually oriented . your body is your temple , and it 's a great couple of days for worship ! try to prepare your food as though you were a religious monk celebrating the deity of pleasure : fresh fruits ( organic taste better ) , whole grains , and your favorite flavors . your body is a sacred ornament : polish it within and without with exercise ( yoga massages your internal organs ) and exfoliating baths ( oats and chopped pear is a great mixture to bring into the water and rub onto your skin ) . $ giving in to what you feel like doing every minute of the day can be a wonderful fantasy but not a very healthy practice ! having a body is a bit like having a job , and you can make this either the best or the most challenging job you ever have ! a regular , well thought - out program is recommended for a positive working relationship with your body . begin to notice whether you give your body a real vote in the daily decisions you make about your health . $ not every day is meant to be earth shattering . you may find yourself wanting some fizzy feeling that just is not there right now . breathe deeply , relax and consider the ebb and flow of it all . do something good for your health in preparation for the exciting times to come ! drink water , plan your meals ahead of time , get out there are do a little exercise . do not despair - the good times are just around the corner ! $ the planetary position today prompts you to center your mind through physical activity . yoga , stretching and running are all activities that require concentrated breathing , and this is recommended now . balance is everything . breathe in and breathe out . if your body is not on a regular schedule your mind will find it more challenging to handle decision - making and emotional communication . concentrate on eating at regular times and getting exercise at least three times a week . $ with today 's planetary position you are bound to feel some tension around getting what you want . you can try to ignore it , but in the end your frustration will only rise up with very little control . taking control is recommended - in your diet , your exercise regimen and your daily schedule . getting the rest you need determines your approach to daily life , so why not control your bedtime and wake up on the right side of the bed tomorrow ? $ today 's celestial configuration gives you more energy than you know what to do with . internally you may feel confused or frustrated , while externally you may seem radiant and glowing . do not let what others do or say influence your choices when it comes to your health . follow your own internal measure regarding what you eat and how much , if any , alcohol you take in . there is no one else but you who knows exactly what it 's like to be in your body . $ today 's aspects keep you feeling vulnerable for a little while . this vulnerability translates into a need to physically act out what you are feeling inside . there will be days when a challenging run or a boxing workout will release your energy in a positive way . other days yoga and a long hot bath will help you find inner balance . either way , you are paying attention to your body and that is important . $ the planetary alignment of the day creates an energy that gives you a chance to express your wildest dreams . what does this mean for your health ? perhaps it 's a moment when you will be able to envision what diet is right for your body . we can go an entire lifetime ignoring what our bodies truly need . only your inner voice can direct you to what is truly healthy for you . listen to your body for clues and heed the messages . $ today 's celestial atmosphere awakens your fiery nature , and you will want to find yourself in the gym or running on the trail to make the most of it ! the planetary configuration also says to keep variety in your life through alternating the kinds of physical activity you partake in . make the most of the high energy and take care not to let it run amuck by internalizing it and letting it mess with your emotional core . $ you will probably be frustrated by all the misfiring that goes on due to the celestial atmosphere prevailing today . this is a perfect opportunity to learn about yourself and how you respond to frustration . one thing to notice is how the food you eat supports you or sabotages you under circumstances of frustration . try to reduce your sugar intake and increase your intake of raw fruits and vegetables . meanwhile , drink plenty of water . with a healthy diet , what once frustrated you could become merely amusing . $ with the celestial atmosphere today , you are faced with balancing your emotional life to make things work in other areas of your life . the first thing you need to do is relax . breathe in deeply and let yourself feel the healing energy inherent in purposeful breathing . then look to see what is potentially threatening your overall sense of wellbeing . just taking the time to notice your feelings will often allow balance to settle over you . $ there is beauty in the air , and it 's going to make you feel good to notice it . take the time to notice the little things that are truly beautiful in your life . if you are watching your diet and making sure to consume only locally grown organic produce you can see the beauty in the simple nutrition you get from this food , for instance . what 's more , if you are preparing the food you eat for yourself and others , there is beauty in this communion . $ you need to be complimented on your energy ! much is made of the explosiveness your sign is associated with , but you are not often enough praised for the quality of initiation it brings , and which our planet could not survive without . you have the capacity to spark acts of initiation in others , and if approached with the right intention this can in affect change the world . the alignment at play today gives you a wonderful context in which to act for the greater good . $ the next six months will be greatly affected by the current planetary alignment . what you initiate now will determine who and what your life is about in the weeks to come - but not to worry ! it 's simply a matter of paying attention to what matters and not ignoring what is truly important . you just need to focus on your favorite priorities , such as health , job and good relationships with others , right ? $ the innovative energy of today 's aspect makes you feel optimistic about the future in many ways . you may be ahead of your time , however . concentrate on the here and now . give yourself the best possible present by tending to your physical needs . this means plenty of fresh drinking water , lots of good rest and lots of organic foods for your body . exercise keeps you full of positive energy that gets you where you want to go . $ the planets ' positions bring you back to what you were curious about a couple months back . it may have to do with a person you are intrigued by . whatever your heart feels , keep your body in tune by regular exercise and drinking plenty of water . you cannot follow your heart if your body is not ready to move ! rest will help balance your digestive and excretory systems , and that in turn will keep your energy pure for when you need it most ! $ the planetary alignment today has you feeling , if not your best , then at least very vivid this week ! there is some contentment to be had in knowing that you are a vibrant and emotional soul . to keep yourself healthy both physically and emotionally , do not skimp on the physical exercise this week . make it a priority to get some exercise that reinvigorates you , whether that 's walking , running , lifting weights or even gardening . whatever keeps your blood flowing is your highest priority . $ today there are positive aspects beginning for you - supporting you in your endeavors . this may alleviate the haunting sense that you are all alone . many people will be brought to greater sensitivity ( and necessary self - questioning ) by this transit , and the result of this is that you will feel more like part of the gang around other people than you normally do . to accentuate this feeling of strength and self - confidence , you are encouraged to go to the gym , if possible , and build your upper - body strength . $ today 's aspect gives you a feeling of unrest - psychologically more than physically . in fact , if you use exercise to beat back the sense of malaise that this transit can cause , you will be the better for it . the celestial configuration brings about self - interest and insensitivity in people - two qualities that rub you the wrong way . for your own sake , focus on yourself and treat your body the way you would like the earth to be treated - kindly , gently , and with respect . $ today 's planetary alignment means you will have the occasional logistical mess to contend with . no one is more forgiving than you when it comes to human error , so be sure to turn some of that compassion towards yourself when you become frustrated ! to ward off any mounting frustration , consider working out more rather than less often . use the stress to stay aware of what you need . do not look away because that is when disaster strikes ! $ with today 's aspect comes a time to consider practical matters surrounding your ability to relate to people . if you are frustrated in areas of your life that do not involve relationships , then you are bound to bring that frustration into these relationships . in other words , concentrate on your body and wellbeing . give yourself the benefit of a healthy diet and plenty of rest . this will support you in other areas of your life . $ the atmosphere of the day is like having a very fast car to take you where you would like to go . where would you like to go ? while you 're deciding , make yourself into the best vehicle you can be for your spirit . healthy foods , plenty of rest , lots of water , and regular exercise are your ticket to a clear advantage . emotions will always be something for you to manage in your own time but stick to a plan when it comes to exercise . $ the best kind of exercise is exercise you enjoy . you may not feel like doing the same thing every day , but it is sometimes easier to follow a routine . just make sure that what you do is appealing enough so that you do not skip your workout . you are prone to emotional intensity and you cannot let that determine whether or not you get to the gym ! maybe there is a friend who could work out with you , to add to the enjoyment . $ the aspect of the day creates a kind of harmony that gives you a peaceful feeling today . you may find others who feel the same way and by all means acknowledge it and encourage it . also , take a moment to check in with your body and notice where this feeling is coming from , where it is registered . that is a very special place in your body , and you may want to find some way of honoring it . applying a hot compress with fresh sage leaves would be lovely . $ there may be some conflict today between what you are willing to do for someone else and what you are willing to do for yourself . or the conflict could be at work and concern not only you but some office mates as well . whenever conflict rears its head there is opportunity for learning . to learn from conflict , we need to step back and get some perspective on it . deep breathing helps very much in this regard . keep aware of your breath and all will be well . $ today 's energy gives you some help in terms of expressing what you feel ; however , stay especially tuned in to the origin of your emotions . you may confuse yourself emotionally and transfer the frustrations of one relationship onto another . these are things that happen and can be acknowledged , but you may just as well want to spend some time by yourself these days . exercise is a great way to take some time for yourself while still feeling you 're a part of the world ! $ today 's aspect gives you a chance to express your playfulness with others . enjoy this transit by increasing the amount of exercise you do - remember that increased energy comes from increased exercise . this transit can also have long lasting effects on your close relationships . show people the warm and playful side of yourself , show your affection and open up to receiving affection from others . drink plenty of water to keep you present and able to feel your fullest . $ today you may feel like expressing yourself in the strongest and clearest way you know how but be careful ! when has this ever truly worked for you ? you sometimes confuse clear with aggressive and truth with opinion . you can risk scaring someone away this way . it 's important to learn to blend your perceptions with the understanding that everyone 's reality is personal . it may help you to see your own feelings as temporary and in flux . $ sagittarius is always ready to try something ( or someone ) new . you find it easier to say yes than no . you are responsible for what you bring into your life and consequences are very real . likewise , we are responsible to our bodies . what we eat is going to stick with us . you will feel what you let into your body for much longer than the time it takes to ingest it . pay special attention to this process and learn the benefits of saying no . $ you 're not as helpless as you think ! regardless of what you think cannot be undone - somewhere inside is the emotional courage it takes to change the direction of things . if it 's been a while since your last day of exercise , just do a little today : walk as much as you can , including walking to an appointment or grocery shopping instead of using a car or bus . remember every journey starts with a first step ! take some big , deep breaths and grant yourself the courage to take it . $ this is a good day for you in your close relationships . the energy is there to feel all the security you need , while at the same time acknowledging the reality that those closest to you may need a little space . whatever you can do to help this kind of experience along is recommended : have flowers delivered , take a deep breath when you do not have the words to express yourself , and wait to see what the other person has to say . this in itself can make you feel relaxed and well . $ it 's not going to be an easy day for you , especially if you skipped breakfast ! some protein with your next meal is recommended . you should give yourself the luxury of feeling grounded today , above all else . accomplishing this is different for everybody , but it 's safe to say that you would be better off having a home - cooked dinner than getting takeout , better off walking than traveling by car , and better off sleeping in your own bed than someone else 's - though that do not necessarily mean sleeping alone ! $ things may not be exactly as you want them today , but they are actually pretty good when you really think about it . it 's important to try to get a little perspective on things . cut yourself some slack about your appearance , for one thing . you have a lot of baggage ( we all do ) when it comes to your appearance , and you must remember that the most important things in life are on the inside of your body . with that in mind , give your inner organs the benefit of some aerobic exercise . $ you could be feeling social today , a positive shift from those days of contrariness you 've been experiencing . make sure that what you invite into your life is really what you want to keep . there is still the tendency to be extra - sensitive , and big surprises are waiting around certain corners . proceed with caution ! any unpredictability can be toned down by increasing your intake of iodine - rich foods : kelp and cucumber among them . maybe tonight is the night to indulge in your favorite sushi ! $ your desire to go astray is strong . you may feel drawn to the exact opposite of what you know is good for you . there is no judgment here , but a little awareness may help you over the next few weeks - a little bit of balance can go a long way . therefore , try to stay collected and calm , regardless of how hectic and confusing the day may be . if you want an ice cream cone , it would be better to jog to the store instead of taking the car ! $ today  's astral energy enhances your natural sense of being grounded . the neck , throat and thyroid gland are special areas of the body that you need to take especially good care of . the thyroid governs our weight and physical mass . the regular exercise you do will assist the thyroid in protecting your body against irregular weight gain or loss . pay special attention to your neck if you sit at a computer . be sure to stretch those muscles during the day . $ you can feel like the world 's most sensual person at times , and the planets support this kind of feeling . let your emotions guide you in creating a wholly nurturing environment around yourself . give yourself the right foods to feel your best and respect your body 's need for physical exercise and adequate rest . if you tend to look after other people 's needs , use today to identify the things that you so often go without . then fulfill your own needs first . $ today you can feel in tune with your most important emotions . you might attempt to focus your energy on creating affection instead of simply unleashing it . you need plenty of affection in your life in order to feel your best . when words fail , try to give yourself the opportunity to express your needs through affecting others in a positive light . you have a special connection to the economy . giving your time or money to a needy cause helps you feel pleasantly connected with the world . $ you will feel sympathetic to the underdog today . you may also feel so sensitive that you get your feelings hurt through some kind of misunderstanding . bolster your defense mechanisms with protective measures . sign up for an online self - defense class . look into the martial arts as a new form of exercise to integrate into your repertoire . give yourself the benefit of drinking plenty of water and substituting herbal tea for coffee every so often . echinacea and chamomile are recommended . $ balancing the need for emotional security with the drive for independence is an essential part of your life path . this process can be mirrored in how you approach exercise . the security of a daily routine is beneficial and reliable . the drive to do whatever you want , whenever you want can sometimes lead to a gap in progress . if you cannot make exercise happen some days , balance that out with lots of water and no coffee . $ the words you use today could have great impact . be honest and clear within yourself before you try to communicate . clear your mind by meditation or yoga , running , or spending some time organizing a messy desk . if you feel someone does not understand you , be the first to apologize for any miscommunication . you may feel that someone appears to misunderstand you on purpose ! keep your cool and just restate your feelings . try to navigate yourself so you avoid conflict today . $ when someone as talented as you are gets stuck behind a desk , it 's a crying shame . if you feel the creative artist inside kicking to be let out of the closet , open the door ! by all means this world needs another picasso , another simone de beauvoir . why not investigate the offers at the local college and see if a future online class in your preferred field would fit your schedule ? if you get pleasure from arranging flowers at home , then it 's time to put flowers in the family budget ! $ the current planetary aspect may have you feeling that there is no way to approach feelings without there being any trouble . you may experience other people 's feelings as obstacles , or somehow too much to deal with . your own feelings may seem out of reach or overwhelming . try to take some quiet time to center yourself and find your emotional core . any element 's hold on you is stronger when you are unaware of it , so try to pay attention to what you are feeling by getting some kind of exercise . $ when you set your mind to something , it is highly probable that you will succeed in what you set out to do . with today 's astral configuration , this is especially true if the something you have set your sights on is a virtuous goal . consider the goals you have set for yourself that involve your health . whether it 's diet , rest , or exercise , you will be supported by this aspect to fulfill and renew your commitment . $ the current planetary configuration recalls goals you set in the distant past . whatever you want to achieve in terms of your well - being is going to be more apparent to you . now you can access what your true wishes are : do you want to have more strength ? do you wish to sleep better ? do you want to be more energized but consume less caffeine ? whatever your desires are , get clear about them today in order to have a better chance of acting on them . $ once you have set your own health goals , you will inevitably compare your health habits to other people 's . this is natural in the beginning and can be either encouraging or discouraging . the goal is really to focus on yourself , and refrain from comparison or judgment . just take yourself and your goals seriously ! if it helps , write down your intentions for the day and check them off at night . reward yourself for healthy behavior - perhaps with a nice bubble bath ! $ when creating your healthy lifestyle , it 's important to set specific goals within a specific timeframe . be careful , however , not to over - estimate your goals or to expect immediate results . focus instead on taking some action each day , no matter how small . once you 've got this going , you will be able to shift the focus to what else is important to you . you may need more in your life to balance your personal health goals . is there a volunteer organization that appeals to you ? $ give yourself plenty of room today . your need for independence is high , as is your need to concentrate on yourself . you may worry about what others think of your behavior , but the truth is they have their own behavior to worry about . take action for your health today - that is how you will get your space , your concentration , and feel like you are making progress . remember , there is no step too small . choose to have choice in what you eat : organic is worth it ! $ there is a skip in your step today ! you have felt the struggle of the last few days , and it is a relief to relax and reflect on what you learned . you have brought the life of the body into focus , and you may want to open up to something new as a complement . aromatherapy is an ancient and subtle practice . many alternative markets carry aromatherapy materials . the essences of nasturtium , iris , and tansy can help you break through fixed attitudes and behavior patterns . $ if you can connect with the subtle process of growth , you will be able to get a lot out of each season . begin letting go of old , unnecessary behavior patterns and feel the gentle shifting inward , which is where you will find the next step . letting go is not an easy task , so it is important to keep your mind open to the new . you are only giving up in order to get something else , something hopefully healthier and happier for you ! $ instincts and intuition serve you well in public this year . dreams and wishful thinking about your career situation might also claim some of your attention . so long as you understand that these are brainstorming times and not times to act , you 'll be better than fine . friends and lovers give you what you want in july . impatience might strike in september , but you can have fun anyway . telling fact from fancy is easy in october . you 're at your most psychic in february , so keep a low profile and be gentle . love yourself and find contentment with a loved one at year 's end ! $ career and work come into focus this year . you 're not one to give everything away , but you may be more conscious of how much good work people can do for one another . take your time and be willing to think things through until it all makes sense . loved ones take extra good care of you in july . do not feel unworthy of any gift . if irritable in september , schedule more private time . negative criticism will not help much in october . inspiration might strike you at work in february . be responsible throughout . after a social surprise in march , the year ends rich in luxury and love ! $ it 's a high - energy year when you could take your life and career in hand , for better or worse . make it for the better and resist being impulsive , impatient , or quarrelsome . enjoy love and support in july , perhaps even in the form of money or material goods . september might be difficult , but you can avoid any explosions or blowouts by simply being tactful . old wisdom is there for you in october . use it . a partner could come or go in january . do not fight it . it 's a sizzling year full of change , excitement , opportunity , and big love ! do good things with it all ! $ look forward to a year of fun , mischief , and wild inventiveness ! you 're bursting with fresh ideas , especially in the first month , and it might be hard for you to keep a lid on things , even at home . home is the most fun and fortunate place to be in july . high spirits might draw some fire in october , but you do not have to alienate anyone . a spiritual insight could touch your heart in february . stay practical and loving . march is action packed and exciting , so practice self - restraint when appropriate . may and june are full of brilliant company and conversation , roses , wine , and sweet , sweet love ! $ look and feel your best with more quality time with your friends this year . if work and family affairs bring minor challenges or interruptions , stepping out into the social scene will recharge your batteries . after the smooth summer months , september might try to frustrate your fun . do not be annoyed . a partner or lover might need a change . be fair minded and go with it . in february you might come across an inspiring person or learn that someone is inspired by you . march and april brim with excitement and activity . dress up and relax into it . the year ends peacefully and full of elegant affection ! $ sweet times with good friends can keep this year moving forward for you ! you will not need to spend a lot of money or make a lot of expensive changes either . spend most of your time with solid , sensible , good friends and then negative , difficult people will have less access to you . july could bring some extra income or maybe a touch of extra pleasure at home . october may have a rocky day or two , but do not cling to any bad feelings . a partner could pleasantly surprise you in january . watch out for emotional dreams in february . the year ends sparkling with luxurious fun and gentle love ! $ you 're bubbling over with charm this year , but most of it will be lavished on special people in private . you 'll be sweet and sensitive in public , too , but not to the same extent . a gift might come from a mystery friend or admirer in july . things go smoothly until an issue at work might briefly spill over to home . do not get impatient or angry . respect the opinion of a partner or lover in december , but do not lose self - confidence . you have to be you . be bold but not brash at work in march and april . shine brightest and bask in the warmest affection at year 's end ! $ your brightest ideas and best plans may be made during private time , so do not overbook yourself or skimp on downtime . a few special friends ( or that very special one in your life ) may share these times , but not the rest of the world . be generous and receive favors in july and august . be supercharged and energetic at home in october . more peaceful times may be called for in november . be quietly creative . a flash of inventiveness at work in march might need time to gel . the last month could see entertainment , small private parties , and after - dinner drinks with romantic overtones ! $ it 's a great year for plotting and making preparations for the long term ! the future is not just tomorrow . now that you have a clearer view of what you want and where you want to go , dreams , instincts , and intuition can be your guides . be generous and big - hearted in july , and enjoy material abundance . family comes into focus in october , and you have more than enough energy to finish what gets started . respect your ambitions and passions in march , even if friends disagree . the last month is yours to examine and reconsider anything or anyone that this year has brought . be loving , loved , and admired ! $ start something near and dear to your heart this year and pursue it to completion ! put self - improvement on your agenda and you can be greatly successful . spirit and heart are big and bright . enjoy a burst of energy to finish up the final stages of a long - lingering project in october . new clever ideas might distract you , but stick with the tried and true . a romantic bolt comes out of the blue in december or january . stay calm and self - assured . dream what you most want in february . end the year in strong , powerful , passionate form and launch into a magnificent future ! $ have great self - confidence and be your own best luck this year ! you can do this modestly , graciously , and without a huge ego . after a smooth summer , your temper or patience may be tested in october and november , especially at home . seek and respect old advice and the experience of others . a romantic flare - up or brief hot fling could happen in december . be civilized but not too deferential . be more idealistic in february , even if you do not act on the sentiment . do not be tossed by any repeat surprises at work in march . the last month mellows out with culture , comfort , conversation , and great compassion ! $ money and material concerns may preoccupy you this year . focus on genuine abundance , be realistic , and improve your status and appearance . summer is yours to work as you please . you may need to stand up for yourself and your ideas in october , especially with family members , but it do not have to result in conflict . another personal , more romantic challenge might arise in january . respect yourself as well as others . remember , you are but half of any relationship . your heart softens and opens in february . at year 's end value your friends , tastes , preferences , and what and whom you love best . all love is returned in full ! $ enjoy a glamorous year with great energy , especially for material or financial matters . be most lucky with your generous impulses in the first month . settle into a summer of productivity with cooperative friends . countless minor quarrels could slow you down in october . if you lose your focus , a fresh new love will set you straight . if you get angry for a while , expect to be grateful later . wishful thinking or ungrounded good intentions could cause trouble in february . a major shift at work in march could work to your advantage if you are not too aggressive . high - octane love and energy are yours all year long ! $ it 's a dynamic year , when you can be the star whenever you need to . your sparkling wit can surprise even you , all to good effect . look and feel your best in the first month , especially at home and with friends . shine brightly with close friends in august . october energizes an issue at home and motivates you to meet all challenges head - on . slow down and rest in november . a love interest could get too interesting in january . you 'll shine in april , even if it 's a bit uncomfortable . you know who and what you want this year , and everything 's within reach . have a great year ! $ enjoy countless opportunities and promising complications this year . you 'll see and think clearly through everything , and no wishful thinking or grandiose offering will deceive you . small pleasures and company close to home will abound in september . this happiness can fuel you for the rest of the year . be most proactive in october , especially concerning home affairs . a major love might come ( or go ) in january . do not be knocked off balance . likewise , a burst of hopeless idealism could bruise your heart in february . be compassionate but practical . expect surprises at work in april , some from you . it 's a brilliant , productive year full of tenderness and love ! $ you could make a big change or two this year , revamping yourself , the people ( or special person ) in your life , or even where you live . you 're big - hearted and have big vision , even if you do not use it . details in the small picture may distract you in august and september , but those efforts will not be wasted . be motivated , even confrontational , in october , to complete some major project . be captain of the team in november . a romantic shakeup is possible in january , and an old fond fantasy may return in february . work energetically in april . a sweet , sensitive last month ends a dynamite year ! $ peace and quiet may be scarce in the outside world , but you have an infinite reserve of inner calm that will look like magic to others . your big - hearted approach , especially to down - home situations , will win you admiration all year , especially in the first month . october and november may be busiest , but you 'll also be the most energetic . take downtime in november , when fewer , if any , people come to interrupt you . romance flares up in january . dream big in february , although a friend might not agree . be clever ( and charming ) at work in april . enjoy a cozy , sparkling end to a busy year ! $ you 're a rolling ball of fire all this year , and full of surprises , too ! even if people could keep up with you , they will not be able to guess which way you 're going . after a calm few months things heat up in october , when you 're jump - started into doing more at home , perhaps for family . progress and good karma can come from simply being nicer to the right relative or friend . november is quieter but still has its share of fun . brief romantic fireworks are possible in january . be solid at work in april , and relax in loving , passionate arms during the final months ! $ you have a secret source of great love and support this year , possibly from friends and relatives . be grateful and do not press for explanations . it may be a year of random acts of kindness , so perform your share . be energetic in october , smoothing ruffled feathers and restoring peace and pleasantness at home . be more low - key in november , but still fully enjoying life . a change - up in daily routine could have long - lasting effects . enlightenment is possible in february . if sparks fly at work in april , you can cope with it . spend the last month lavishing and receiving love and encouragement . it 's a passionate , powerful year ! $ emotions run high and a lot of that can be channeled into creative fun that keeps your heart beating loud and fast . meet those daily needs , enjoy smooth sailing , and be ready for a busy october full of family and social affairs . some of it may feel fated , so do not be too quick to say no . be sharp , sensible , and sensitive in november . when the dust settles you 'll look back on a lot of emotional maturity and progress . respect those basic work demands in the spring , and then benefit the rest of the year . cleverness and beauty unite in the last month . bask in the brilliance ! $ the world may think you 've become more serious , and that 's a good thing . you 're simply more sincere in your words and actions and less frivolous about how you spend your time . quiet times at home will still be intense and important to you in september and october . be clear and focused about your passions in november , then do not be a hermit but share your good times . if work gets challenging in march and april , you 'll have energy and wits to spare , and lots of support . lighten up in the last couple of months and indulge in more quality time with the person who loves you best . $ it 's a high - energy , extroverted year ! keep some personal pleasure in your equation , even if spending time with others is your primary source of happiness . just do not let it take over your life . a family or home concern may take all your energy in october , and it will be worth it . do not be frustrated in november if people are not always there for you . respect everyone 's boundaries , especially your own , and do not take everything personally . work may heat up in april . stay grounded and meet the challenge . it 's a smooth , comforting end of the year with more love than you might have dreamed ! $ your daily life do not need to have anything lackluster about it this year . you 've got the magic touch , especially at home in the first month , and know how to set people at ease . after a nice , quiet stretch , family and friends may want to spend more time with you in october . enjoy the attention and tactfully share any extra expenses . people want to treat you well and stay in your good graces . reserve judgment in december if a close friend or lover disappoints you . you can learn why before the year ends . let tender feelings express themselves , and treasure those hugs and kisses ! $ craving a major overhaul in your daily routine ? if not now , the time will come , so do not get anxious about it . keep finances tidy , enjoy a few months of calm , then spring into action at home in october . friends and family may have suggestions and want to help . people will cheerfully respect your wishes in november . this can lead to many pleasant times . be attentive to your health and diet in january and feel healthy and strong . any changes in routine made now will stick . any work stress in april will not be a drain . love yourself and let others love you all year long ! $ it may be time for a love that really works for you , if you do not have one already . if you do , be sure to appreciate what 's good and be patient about improving what is not yet totally perfect . do not let that yearning for perfection deprive you of what is already a wonderful thing . accept the generosity of others , especially in the first month . in the fall be motivated and work hard to make both home and career more satisfying . in january a sudden intense love could survive , if you choose . decompress and reevaluate in the last month . it 's your heart and your year ! $ if you 've overlooked the sexy charms of a sharp mind , that will not happen this year . you never have been content with what 's purely skin - deep . while life looks orderly and calm for the first few months , in october things could get steamy and contentious at home . your true friends will be patient if you get impatient or angry with them . take a deep breath in november and relax with more casual , lightweight activities . an unusual or unconventional love interest may catch your eye or heart , however briefly , come wintertime . what satisfies you may be changing , deepening , improving . be patient and love yourself , too ! $ connect better with friends and loved ones , and have a richer , happier conversation all year long . you 're bright , generous , and fun to be with and this will draw people to you , even after any spat . october and november could be busy and packed with other people 's minor problems . do not worry about any of it . encourage people , and watch any problems solve themselves . money and work both look reliable , although you may imagine a problem in december or january . stay calm and practical - things are fine . share a fond aspiration with friends in february , and work passionately in april . it 's a splendid , congenial year ! $ it 's a dream - filled year , but do not expect to be perfectly understood all the time . pay careful attention and you can mostly stay on the same page with people . you 're upbeat and lucky , so most of them will make the extra effort with you , especially in the first month . some excitement could strike at home in october , but little confusion . blast expertly through autumn , particularly november , and be successful in all that you attempt . inspiration in february may please you and your loved ones before the year ends . publicly surprise and delight people in april . it 's a gentle , sweet year ! $ it 's a tenderhearted year for you . you may feel hypersensitive at times , but keep your feelings under control and notice how psychic you 've become . manage your spending , especially that first month , and still enjoy great times . in september and october you may experience some self - doubt , but stand firm , especially about decisions concerning home and family . your loved ones will agree with you on all counts . take your creative efforts seriously in november and ignore negative criticism . shield your heart in february , but do not hesitate to be sympathetic . you have to genuinely be you . end the year embraced by elegance and emotional security ! $ nothing can stop you this year , so aim high ! you have the energy to push through any obstacle and burn away any opposition . you have plenty of charm , too , and that can ease your way with many people . luck is on your side , especially the first month , so do not wait around . work away happily for several months , then be ready for a big breakthrough , starting at home . negotiate skillfully for what you want and do not question your ability to complete any task . success favors the bold , especially in public , and you have boldness to spare ! make it a spectacular and accomplished year ! $ amaze even yourself with the success that is possible for you this year ! do not take anything for granted , of course , and hard work will be needed , but that 's no problem . your loyalty , generosity , and charm will serve you well all year , especially early on . trust your taste and decision - making abilities , be practical , and do not doubt yourself . a private , inspired fancy that strikes you in february may prove useful by year 's end . april is your time to be stunningly smart and successful at work . be modest and capable , and leave the bragging and grandstanding to lesser beings . it 's a great year just for you ! $ you have your feet securely on the ground this year , and what you do will last . luck follows you , as well as pleasure , particularly in the first month , but do not assume things will always be so easy . october and november offer you a challenge at home or with family that will greatly improve the rest of the year , if not the rest of your life . be self - confident but not brash , and refuse to feel inferior about anything . be at your best at work and in public during april and may , so exert yourself every day . it 's a magnificent year full of happiness and love ! $ career and the trappings of public life may be your focus , with you as your severest critic . people will be impressed and perhaps surprised at your approach and how much success you enjoy . the first month you may have a bit of a golden touch , so use it wisely . in autumn your energy may sag briefly , but it 's always wise to take good care of yourself and respect your limits . just be sensible . in february you might be influenced by someone else 's inspiration . enjoy the good qualities and see enhanced comfort and cleverness before year 's end . have a fantastic and wildly enriched year ! $ personal needs and obligations should come first , of course , but getting out and about can be more than just an escape valve for your heart and mind this year . step up and do your part , especially in the first month . by autumn you may have more energy , perhaps for socializing at home . remember your budget , and do not exhaust yourself . be inspired by others in february even if you do not instantly act on it . show up in public in a big way in april , and then kick back and enjoy may and june in style . love gets sweet , and maybe serious , at year 's end ! $ get your message across , or maybe just enjoy more culture and wit this year ! you 'll never know a boring moment or wonder where to go and what to see . everyone may not share your enthusiasm at first . in the fall you may want to pay more attention to things at home or with family . if friends intrusively suggest you slow down , say less and let things settle themselves , it 's only because they care . friends may inspire you again in february and march . you have friends at work , too , in april . be a friend back . love , brilliance , and warmth surround you at year 's end ! $ new friends , new places , and new activities provide a year 's worth of happiness ! the tried and true old favorites are not going away , but your tastes and horizons are expanding . charm and luck get you going in the first month and serve you well all year . if family or home life gets challenging in october and november , you have the energy and proper words and approach to make all well . you 'll be well respected in november . surprise people - and yourself - in march and april , stepping up and doing radical and new things . indulge curiosity in june and love your life every single day ! $ feelings run deep and strong this year , and you may prefer to keep them to yourself . secrecy and mystery may appeal to you , but simply respecting privacy may work just as well . the first month you 'll be conspicuous , so do not bother hiding how lucky and attractive you naturally are . in the autumn you may need to be a diplomat with friends or family . be sensitive to all sides , respecting privacy and boundaries , and achieve satisfaction everywhere . after a brief spell in the limelight in april , return to your cozy emotional cave and lap up endless love , comfort , and affection till year 's end ! $ mental sharpness and plain old good luck are yours in abundance this year ! most people will not notice , and that 's lucky , too . with slight effort , the early months can be uneventful , organized , and under control . october and november may see some sparks close to home . any quarrels or disagreements will be more about feeling and perception than about any concrete problem . your words have extra authority in november . reserve judgment and be slow to act in january if you have self - doubts . if tossed into the spotlight in april , be modest and let it blow over . enjoy a spectacular , love - filled last month after a grand year ! $ secret loves , intimate pleasures , and the sweet privacy of home may be your greatest treasures this year ! you 're brimming with luck , love , and keen wit , but you can keep a low profile and get things done . patience and temper may get strained by family or neighbors in october . handle things smoothly and do not go ballistic over nothing . your judgment is sound and your authority will be respected . protect your daily routine from flaky temporary interruptions in january . step back in april and let others take center stage . be good to your love and to yourself , and offer no explanations . what a powerful year ! $ it 's a bright new year full of golden fun and opportunities . your inner child may be near the surface , and a touch of innocent mischief could happen at any time . be the normal , responsible adult and enjoy some pleasant months before dealing with a more excitable situation in october . your sheer force of will and good heart should handle any adversity . do not be a bully , though , and let your good sense and experience show through . adventure may call you in april . be bold but safe and sane . the last few months are quieter but still intense and rich with love , life lessons , and more love ! $ be in touch with your greatest desires and ambitions this year . you may not instantly achieve them all , but you can make serious headway to get you farther down the road to success . do not be afraid of new ideas or fresh approaches if the old ones have gone stale . work steadily and see progress , although in october you might rethink or redo something at home or with family . do what makes sense and do not squabble . a needed insight might not come until april . it 's worth the wait . do not be shy either . stay modest and self - confident . people love you and what you do ! $ money and material means could be more on your mind this year . it will not consume your life , and you 'll find it easier to do well and sidestep any silly snags that happen periodically . you 're naturally organized , especially in august and september , and this will keep the rest of the year running smoothly . energy and self - motivation peak in october , when you could wrap up something major and leave emotional space to start something new and wonderful , possibly in march or april . you do not need big plans when small plans succeed in a big way . the last month rocks with success , satisfaction , and generous , big - hearted love ! $ income , gifts , and cherished belongings may matter this year , and friends young and old have generosity , advice , and good examples for you . you 're already smart , gracious , and eager to help , and people want to help you , especially in september . in october and november you can conclude something near home that 's been hanging over your head too long , and win admiration for doing so . this may inspire you in february to do something equally impressive for others . start something striking just for fun in march or april . the last couple months may be less focused but still packed with intimacy , sweet , sincere words , and embraces ! $ your luckiest and happiest times may come close to home this year . many short trips to sample new ideas and styles with close friends or family could open your eyes to more success and pleasure than you suspected . september and october would be the most mentally stimulating , so do not wait too long to explore your neighborhood or corner of town . october might need you at home to finish up an important chore . be energetic and sweep it away . be inspired and inspiring in february . a wild , crazy idea may appeal in april , but it may not hold up . it 's a glorious , glamorous , passionate year ! $ it 's lively , fun times , mostly close to home , with favorite friends and relatives . if not all close to home , then several short field trips and outings of the window - shopping nature could happen . a ripple of discontent ( possibly from a woman friend or relative ) might briefly arise in october , but tact and clear thinking make all smooth again . home affairs deserve attention in november . be energetic and systematic . take good care of yourself in january , rest and eat well . friends surprise you in march . surprise them back - in fun . the last month is sweet , smart , and very lucky ! it 's a lovely , loving year ! $ it 's time to pay attention to the people in your life . you may be surprised to find out which ones are really important , and you might find yourself to be important to a surprising someone else . some of this is karmic . with daily life , money , and job under control , relationships with friends may stir to life in october and november . stay calm and let things sort themselves out . a sudden offer of adventure could appear in march or april . a quarrelsome acquaintance could become a best friend in may . june and july shine brilliantly for you , so keep eyes and heart wide open for blessings and love ! $ this year home may feel safer ( if not always calmer ) , while the outside world offers more than its share of surprises and challenges . some of these challenges may propel you farther ahead in life - they are not just to annoy you . november and december could get emotional , but do not fret . acknowledge any feelings of insecurity and do not let anything stop you from being you . people may be fussy in january , but do not let anyone upset you . march and april are busy , exciting times with built - in comforts and favorite perks . the last month is another reward , full of love , generosity , and great company ! $ create all the peace and quiet at home that you want and need . be gentle , however , and realize that most people do not have your force of will or strong presentation . you do not need to quarrel over every little point , especially in november . do something off the wall and fun ( but not reckless ) in january . draw out a quiet person 's wisdom in february and share what you learn , if appropriate . april and may keep you running and on your toes . maybe take a trip , if only a virtual one . read that e - book . kick back at year 's end with favorite people or a precious loved one and lap up the happiness ! $ emotions run high at home , but your big heart guarantees there 's more than enough love to go around . if a relative or close friend gets difficult in november , you have tact and affection to spare . this applies to co - workers , too , in march and april . someone 's fond dream could inspire you in february , but you also know how to live in the real world . with minimum ( or no ) stress over finances or work , any challenging times in april and may can be made productive and pleasant . remember who loves you , and love back . there will be great stories and favors to share at year 's end ! $ it 's a fiery , passionate year when sharp minds and bright ideas can be sexy and fun . ( good bodies and shining smiles are still winners , too . ) keep the bills and the work situation on track and then , if you 're inclined to get away from home for a while in the fall , go . december turns to the fun , bright side . enjoy new people , places , and things . one may become a favorite . march , april , and may are mischievous times , so roll with any friendly punches and startle people into sudden smiles . keep it safe and non - combative . hugs , kisses , and clever sweet nothings enrich and expand your world ! $ do your own thing in a big way , without chasing away the rest of the world . look and feel attractive and self - assured . so long as you 're practical and remember the details of daily life , problems can be few and easily fixed . unvoiced jealousy could ruffle a calm home life in november , but you have the energy and determination to stand your ground . december and january may bring misunderstanding , but it can turn to laughter later . stay calm and enjoy life . big dreams find you in the springtime to take you on a journey , if only in the mind . it 's a stunning , sparkling year ! $ your tastes and desires may differ from what the world offers , but do not swerve from what you love . in october friends or family may suggest things you do not like to do , but be gracious and play along if you think the company is good . follow your own drumbeat in december , be calm and pleasant through the holidays , and be glad you did . if misgivings arise in april or may , that 's fine . respect your right to reevaluate earlier opinions and actions . learn , improve , and advance . love yourself , and give others the chance to love you , especially in the last month . it 's a stimulating , sexy year ! $ notice what others overlook and observe what no one else can see . it may be hard to share yours news , though , but do not let that get you down . be smart and enjoy many smooth days in the summer , then brace for a personal challenge ( perhaps suggested by a friend ) in october . november may bring moments of second - guessing yourself , mostly at home , but you can learn and profit from this with no long - term negative feelings . delight some new friends with a few favorite old tricks in the springtime . be a popular romance magnet as the year comes to a magnificent close ! $ respect those little necessities of life - things like routine and health - and see how huge the reward can be . in october and november , you may spot some small possible changes ( like just being smarter about diet ) that bring you instant energy and inspire a friend or relative . in november an old annoying issue can be resolved at home . fix , forgive , and do not forget the lesson . a breakthrough could happen in february to improve your life in many small ways . please yourself and surprise others in april . it do not have to be reckless or self - indulgent . have a loving , cozy , and successful year ! $ dreams of love fill this year , and perhaps the angel you 're visualizing could appear . if not red - hot , sexy , snazzy romance , it could still be a dream of a profoundly warm and secure heartfelt connection . friends and relationships close to home may distract you in the fall . in november some deeply rooted attachment or habit may see its end or resolution . february holds sweet sunshine for the soul , even if it 's not long lived . enjoy the blessing . be playful and entertaining in april . the final month is all charm , elegance , luxury - and more charm . it 's a heartfelt and heart - expanding year ! $ be inspired and inspire others all year . you 're already smart and practical about money and work . in the fall connect more firmly with friends who are grateful for your company . be prepared to be the authority figure at home and make a pivotal decision . share opinions without any preaching or speaking down to anyone . be respected even if you 're considered eccentric in january . the world is full of surprises in april and may . observe , assess , and appreciate the chance for change . love surrounds you all year long , but you 'll most strongly sense it in the final month . ah , love , so well worth waiting for ! $ your heart and head shift into high gear , and few will be able to resist you . take care should you charm the wrong someone accidentally . be smart , shrewd , and sensible and enjoy unchallenged smooth sailing until november , when friends may want more time than you feel you have . a family elder may want your help or just your presence later in the fall . in february a magical romance could briefly flash in your sky . shine brightest in march and april . be ambitious for others , and for yourself , too . aim high . be blessed and be a blessing for others in the last month . embrace the love ! $ a million bright new ideas may strike you this year , and several of them could click into reality . few people will be able to keep up with your quick wit , or even be able to see you coming . be sensible , practical , and do not fritter this away on simple amusement . decide for yourself what 's worth doing in october and november . friends might have other ideas . respect your own judgment at home in november and cherish the safe space . think and plan big in april , and learn great lessons for future use . surprise yourself . the last month is more private , quiet , and tremendously lucky and happy ! $ be eager to learn , improve , and lap up all the wisdom the world wants to share with you . your eyes and mind are wide open , ready to receive it all . in the fall you may be bored and resist doing the same easy things with friends . relax and let the irritation pass . choose to face a difficulty at home in november , and honor your willingness to take on the challenge . big fun comes your way in january , and in february big , loving dreams find you to make the heart beat fast . surprise yourself and delight others in april . you 're the world 's darling at year 's end ! $ do your favorite things in a big way , and get things done on a big scale . it will not take a huge effort , either , just steady attention to what matters . friends may challenge you in november . just stand your ground , be fair , and win more respect . indulge an impulse for big fun in january , but be aware that it might come back to haunt you . sweet love beckons in february , although the memory may be less sweet . live and learn . be brilliant and popular in may and june . intense pleasures and great progress can be yours . do your best and do not look back ! $ shine in public and enjoy great career opportunities this year ! there 's no point in hiding or saying no when a challenge arises . you 're up to it . start the year with a calm , focused mind , meet those daily requirements , and enjoy a sparkling november and december with active friends who keep you running . slow down and concentrate on your own affairs until february , when love might come knocking on your door with a dreamy episode . if restless or bored in april and may , take private time or a private trip . career is highlighted in may and june . have a charmed and charming year ! $ express yourself , especially in public and in the workplace . you have the tact and tenacity to get your message across without offending . the year starts with a misconception cleared up . in the fall there could be a difference of opinion , or perhaps just a clash of tastes or preferences . it 's not worth a big blowout . january brings a creative idea to life . attend to simple daily needs and drift into a romantic interlude in february . good intentions may be misunderstood in april , but do not be hurt by this . it 's a solid , proactive year of stepping out , loving , and being loved more and more ! $ career and your public image may be important to you this year , and you can make much progress finding ways to tell the world what you want . some frustrations are part of the package , so be at ease and make sure to be clear , particularly about details in the first month or two . welcome a friendly debate to further clear the air in the fall . in january you 'll sense that people want you to succeed and have fun . february is a month of valentines . be someone 's treasure , if only briefly . find an unexpected way to help in april , and benefit . love , advance , and share every day ! $ be part of a bigger extended family and take a bigger social role with friends and community . bake more brownies ( to share , of course ) or simply smile and comfort the shy and quiet around you . focus on the details of daily life despite desires for great or flamboyant things . in november friends may expect you to take the lead in everything . be bold and creative in january . a flash of love in february promises great things , but may fizzle . enjoy and do not be disappointed . a reward for a forgotten favor may appear in april . be popular , sought after , and downright loved all year ! $ social causes and group needs may claim more of your attention . you cannot rescue every kitten , obviously , but being more civic - minded on a sensible scale can take you far this year . you 're innately practical and responsible . be sensitive but not silly or self - sacrificial with friends in november . a yearned - for love might appear then disappear in february . cherish the encounter and do not mourn . not all requests are reasonable or possible in april . the last two months are full of opportunities for as many good works as you desire and as much love , affection , and luxury as can be imagined ! $ friends , family , and ties to the past could reach out and touch you more frequently this year . welcome the contact and connection . october may bring a chance for improved income . cooperate and let things happen . november may tweak a friend or two , but you have a firm grasp of things . the winter might be the season for love , so enjoy the warmth . if asked for help in april , know that it 's because you 're tried , true , and trusted . enjoy the closing two months in the arms of your favorite company , sharing so many of the gifts and good things you 've encountered this year ! $ work your best magic quietly and inconspicuously . save your energy and let others compete for the spotlight . you may feel too busy or involved to form new relationships in the first month , but this will change . in the fall you have the energy and authority to clear up a disagreement among friends . you can do this nicely and with a gentle touch . you may be briefly tempted by love in the winter . do not debate with yourself , no matter how it turns out . great energy and some mischief return in april and may . get things done for others - and yourself . have a golden , glorious , glamorous end of the year ! $ be your own best friend this year and let others be drawn to you . you 're attractive in a compelling , quiet way , and the right people will find you . welcome new - even radical - ideas , particularly in the first month , and give them a chance to bloom . if friends get jealous about something in november , let them express themselves and watch everything resolve on its own . let no feathers stay ruffled . your best talents may come out to help someone in march and april . look good and do good all year . kick back in the last month and love those countless , quiet , intimate moments ! $ mysteries , secrets , and powerful dreams may occupy you this year . your normal outside world will not be forgotten , people and finances will not be neglected , but psychic energies may intrude and call for your attention . it may not always be convenient , especially in the beginning . insights and sharp thinking can help you handle any difficulties with friends in november . feelings and psychic gifts may confuse then cooperate with desires in february . be careful but give yourself a chance to succeed with others . the last month is pivotal , with great good luck and love , and a chance for a clear view into your own ( and maybe another 's ) heart ! $ it 's a bright new year when you can see yourself in a whole new light . you do not have to totally reinvent yourself , but it 's possible . concentrate on the fine points and small things about yourself that could make the biggest differences . by the end of the first month you may feel totally different , happier , and more secure about yourself . friends are there for you in november , even if they do not agree with every word you say . flattery will not fool you in february . be gracious anyway . be energetic in april , and share liberally all the rest of the lucky , lovely , and loving year ! $ you 're at your smartest and most critical this year , so go for constructive criticism and keep spirits high . you may find yourself being the natural leader among your friends in the fall . do not invest too much energy , but let things develop as they will . do something radical and fun just for yourself in january . you deserve it . a peek into your deepest desires or into the heart of a would - be lover could happen in february . be brave . high energy and the willingness to help someone in april or may could make you even happier by year 's end . it 's a modest but magnificent year ! $ money and material well - being could be the focus of this year , in all the best ways . you can be shrewd and practical and still nice about it all , and this can smooth any rough waters and take you to higher ground and better places . people may be bold with you in october and november , but you 're level - headed and secure in your facts . lead the way to fun with your friends in november and december . empty sweet talk gets nowhere in february . the real romantic deal may come along in the last two months , so keep that smile and open - hearted disposition ! what a grand year ! $ things can click and fall into place for you in the material world this year . generosity , good timing , and just being smart will all contribute to your financial progress . details are easier to manage , so watch that budget , pay the bills on time , and enjoy being with your favorite people , especially in the fall . big pleasures can come to you at zero or very little cost in january . a romantic fantasy may find you in february . enjoy , but do not flounder in it . do some favors in april and be rewarded . the last month is full of gifts and glamorous times ! have a proactive , prosperous year ! $ look forward to busy times and many short jaunts and field trips this year . friends may try to send you off on errands in november , possibly your busiest month . indulge them if it pleases you . you are well - grounded and will not neglect your own needs , so once your essentials are met , feel free to pick and choose your options . you may be healthier than you feel in the winter . do not feel guilty , however , if you choose to slow down and go easy . you get to relax , too ! after a slightly busy april , enjoy many sensible , peaceful days and sweet hours . you 've earned them ! $ you are in charge this year , and people will do as you ask . the universe may not obey , but on the day - to - day scale , you exert great influence . be compassionate , ambitious , and make great progress this year . people may challenge you and try to be difficult , mostly in november and later near the end of the year . be gracious , but do not back down unless you decide it 's wise . be wise in the winter , and take good basic care of yourself . share wisdom and advice with superiors in april and may , and be socially promoted . it 's a year of power , plenty , and sweet passions ! $ look forward to busy times around your neighborhood , both fun times and growth opportunities . if your opinions of friends or family are changing , you are not being fickle . you 're observing , learning , and seeing deeper . be highly sharp , practical , and meticulous in the first month . this helps you deal with people in november . do something wild , crazy , and maybe moneymaking in january . shake off a self - deception in february . in april react with wit , cleverness , and good training when something unexpected arises . july and august are more fun filled ( though maybe not as relaxing ) , with lots to do with lots of people - plus a possible behind - the - scenes romance ! $ treasure your home and then go boldly forth ! you 'll feel at home anywhere in the world you go . you should not feel awkward or out of place no matter where you are or what you 're doing . your communication and people skills make you popular from the first month on . take charge with friends in november and have many happy and well - organized short outings . home life glows with holiday warmth in december and continues throughout the year . wake up to a false dream in february . the last two months shine with good luck , group entertainment , and perhaps a challenging but thrilling love interest near the end ! $ a more beautiful home and more comfortable refuge from the world could be priorities for you this year . the first month you may rethink how your home functions for others , but really you 're more focused on yourself . in november you may sacrifice a bit of comfort or glamour with friends at home , but that will not last . you should have the arrangement you need by december or early january . rest well and write down your dreams in february . be clever and lucky in april , at first for others but later for yourself as well . end the year in the lap of luxury , satisfaction , and love ! $ relax this year in a bright , love - filled home life , with plenty of success out in the world , too ! the first month you may listen to others , but you do not have to accept it all . take power into your own hands in november and december and see friends yield to your suggestions and opinions . this do not require any harsh persuasion . january might have moments of nervous energy , mostly concerning home affairs , but things really are under control . startle your family in april and delight your friends in august . the year ends on a very high , bright , and happy note ! relax , be that wonderful you , and enjoy it all ! $ work and play come together for you this year , so love what you do and benefit from it all . a hobby or social activity could turn lucrative and do more than pay for itself . in late september and october you may get an idea or glimpse of something fun turning functional , and by november friends may want to urge you on and play , too . a change at home could further make this possible . january brings you more fun and cooperative people . be responsible , but consider if you 're not passionate about it , then why do it ? starting in august the year shines with celebration , affection , and love ! $ enjoy a lot of people discovering you . being even - tempered and fun - loving will serve you well all year long . a clever idea or insight could cause some ripples here or there , but you know what you like and you know it 's worth it in the end . november lets you be in charge with friends and relatives when it comes to decisions close to home . a high hope may prove to be too high in february . be grateful rather than disappointed . have extra energy for pleasure , people , and good purposes from april through year 's end . love could quietly surprise you in the last month ! $ build that self - confidence and great inner glow that bring admiration and opportunity your way ! if an intimate someone is critical of you , rest assured a secret admirer thinks you 're beyond perfect . be honest but gentle with yourself in the first month , and turn up that smile . people are looking for it . friends , fun , and encouragement are yours in november . some disapproval at home in january might briefly slow you down , but keep smiling . any self - doubts should be eradicated after february . good luck , good times , and many happy , congenial people may be the norm by summer . and that secret admirer could appear by year 's end ! $ look and feel your the most dreamy this year ! this could attract many admirers , especially secret ones . if you are not ready to encounter them all , respect your health and comfort level . people could bring you adventurous ideas in the first month , but the ideas will not be functional until maybe the spring . friends will want to do meaningful as well as fun things in november . make suggestions , expand , and enjoy . health , basic well - being , and solid daily routine are important in february and march . the last two months could introduce you to some of those secret admirers . if comfortable , be the answer to a special someone 's dream . $ it 's a glorious year for romance and partnerships of all kinds ! if secure in a relationship , you could go deeper still . the first month is filled with practical plans and innovative ways to make life work better . november and december may be full of friends , small errands , and short trips . a practical consideration at home could shake you free in january . pay more attention to your own needs in february . you do not have to face all this alone , however . a romantic connection or other loving assistance is yours from now till year 's end , and it 's especially powerful in the last two months ! $ find that new love , find a new facet in your current love , or perhaps see a stalled love come back to life ! any of these are possible this year . during the first month think clearly and be crystal clear about your role in relationships . in november friends provide a bit of levity and good , silly fun . a drastic change at home in january might alarm some but will work out perfectly . if romance rocks your world in april , you can rock back . work and your place in the world are solid and getting luckier and sweeter as the year ends ! $ something that surprised you in the past could come back to work its positive magic again ! think conservatively as the year opens , but if you see a clever new idea or approach to life , you 'll recognize it . money may preoccupy you in october , but it will mostly be other people 's money . learn some good and useful lessons for yourself . january zooms in on home and perhaps the dramatic resolution to some nagging dissatisfaction . trust your own taste and decisions in february . people may preoccupy you in april but the following months are all yours . be happy and productive . it 's an elegant , intimate final month ! $ solid solutions and pleasing results are priorities this year . even if they 're not yet attainable , you 're crafting how you want things to be and making plans to get there . inspiration brings practical ideas in october . money matters might also improve . take charge of fun as well as entertainment expenses in november . friends will be appreciative . make that small but all - important change at home in january . take better care and love yourself more in february . you deserve it . enjoy helping someone in may . you 're really helping yourself . the last two months are full of unexpected good luck , several blessings , hugs and kisses , too ! $ the world is a beautiful place , and this year you may find ways to enjoy and perhaps care for more of it . the year begins more concerned with the mundane but important daily life issues , but with no upsets or setbacks here your attention may begin to expand to bigger realms of your life . horizons may broaden in november when friends become interested in new places , cultures , or simply new restaurants . be good to yourself ( and your stomach ) in february . work seems steady and not overly demanding . if you 're not growing flowers , a lover may start bringing them before year 's end ! $ be articulate and charming this year , and perhaps speak for those who cannot speak for themselves . you know what matters . work and finances look stable enough to permit more public involvement - and enjoyment , too . cultivate diplomacy and find energetic companions in the first month . in november interact with sympathetic friends , but do not be overly ambitious . a home affair may need attention in january . people will offer help should you request it . respect your health and energy level in february . be highly visible in june . people will remember and seek you out again in july and august . better than fame - bask in good luck , good deeds , and love ! $ communicate with a lot of people and get your message across this year ! you know what you need , want , and would like to share with the world . it do not have to be in words . you 're already clever , but observe and develop more in october . money or some possession may also take on new meaning , so be alert . november is busy with friends and maybe some fantasies . budget your time . kick - start something big and wonderful at home in january . shine in public in june , and take that popularity with you to the end of the year . add great good luck , regal pleasures , and abiding love ! $ it 's a great year to focus on career and work - related plans and desires . if choosing or building a career , networking and word of mouth are two of your most powerful tools . your public presence and communication skills are topnotch , and you 'll be seen and heard , whatever you do . make it good ! your keenest discrimination ( and perhaps the most valuable lesson or insight of the year ) comes in october . be wise with money in november and quick to act in december . be bold with a partner in april . shine brightest in june , attracting a year 's worth of luck , love , and happiness ! $ work and home will cooperate and support each other for you this year , when there 's not an emotional tug of war happening . be practical , do your best wherever you are , and do not get pulled either way . make wise decisions in the first month , and do not second - guess yourself . be thoughtful with expenses in november . friends amuse you in december , but do not exhaust yourself or your credit line . someone at home may want you in january . springtime could freshen up the romance scene . be your best , most solid , and most popular at work in july . this shines straight into your home and love life through year 's end ! $ feelings and emotional attachments drive a lot of this year for you , especially about your work and public image . if you 're shy , it may be uncomfortable for a while , but there are advantages to a high profile . act thoughtfully in october . something nice could become affordable in november . let others do the loud talking in december . something you already love at home could improve in january . be flattered by a repeat offer of love in the spring . gain more support , experience , and respect in june . your heart leads the way through a year of brilliant achievements and great love ! $ enjoy great social activities and being part of a larger crowd ! reserve energy for home and other daily needs , but break out of the mold . if not yet up for excitement , sit quietly until the spirit moves you . honor your own needs and opinions in the first month , enjoy mutual material support with a loved one in november , then brace yourself for a busy , buoyant december . invitations , phone calls , and texts - some romantic - pour in during the springtime . screen those calls in april . august glitters with happy company and big events . slow down but do not cool down in the last month , when love may be sweetest ! $ many lucky chance encounters can happen for you this year ! you might never meet again , but your lives and hearts will be touched , perhaps in a deep , permanent way . the first month is rich with self - discovery . be grateful for insights and lessons . finances are stable and sensible in november and remain so even when tested by social demands late in the year . do what matters to you in december - good friends will join you . a brash love interest may find ( or re - find ) you in april or may , to return yet again in august . keep your heart strong ! it 's a magnificent , memorable year ! $ feel regal and act with nobility ! that 's how people see you , however you feel . strong , true feelings and powerful , clear thoughts are yours in october . remember or write these down . an old favorite comfort may sustain you through any insecurity in november . be gentle but firm if challenged by friends in december . healing dreams are yours in february . be realistic and health conscious , too . a romantic fling or celebrating the anniversary of one brightens your world in april and may . daily responsibilities remain under control and in the background , so the last two months can be as fun filled and socially satisfying as you please ! $ form your own impressions and make your own observations this year . your firsthand experience has never been so important . the first month , a karmic discovery awaits you to put a few puzzle pieces together . trust your judgment in november , but do not be too proud to double - check , particularly regarding money . a false impression or too much wishful thinking in february could be corrected near the end of the year . it 's never too late - or too early - to raise that psychic antenna and sharpen those powers of rational thought . your heart will benefit , too , and attract just the right kind of love and lover ! $ be your most charming and persuasive this year one on one . social and public settings will be pleasant and successful enough , but you 'll excel on the more intimate stage . late in october be considerate of others and yourself . combine shrewdness and tact to your financial advantage in november . if you take more initiative on the romance scene in april , it may still be hard to resist some old , cozy groove . regardless , enjoy the good times . good luck and high spirits in august may be fun but not so easy to share . the last month is all yours for your heart to treasure ! $ step into your own light this year ! a karmic peek into your own mind is possible in october . get finances and expenses under firmer control in november . fun and adventures near to home are on your cosmic agenda in december . friends will encourage this . love and be loved in a bolder and more vocal way in march . disagreements should not be necessary . even you should notice a more self - confident , outgoing mood by july and august . connect better with more people in the last two months , and leave room in your heart for that most intimate and special one ! $ it 's a year of self - discovery , and the awakening of new passions and self - love ! remember any birthday dreams and let a week pass before looking for hidden meanings . be financially responsible and solid in november , just on principle . you 're on sound footing . you may need some amusement with friends in december . love , with all its thrills and risks , enlivens the springtime . you will not have to be outrageous to get noticed . your social life heats up in august . be popular and see new places with new people . pay more attention to your health and appearance in the last month . it will make you even more lovable and charming ! $ be so mentally sharp and observant that others suspect you of reading their minds . overlook nothing , however small , and then easily make sense of what the world shows you . your psychic talents ( and they 're considerable ) are in addition to these mental skills . be at your best in october , and use what you learn all year long . december is active with friends , neighbors , and casual acquaintances . february is creative , fun , and dreamy . love sparkles and amazes you in march and april . be the figurehead in your social set in august ( although you do not have to pick up every tab ) . it 's a powerful , empowering year ! $ material well - being and basic financial health may attract your attention this year . the first month may give you a clearer picture of where and what you want to be in relation to others and the world at large . you may feel a tinge of insecurity and dissatisfaction in november and december . hold yourself to realistic standards ( not impossible ones ) , do the spreadsheet , and see that you 're really fine and under control . indulge in more free - spirited thoughts and pleasures in february . be relaxed but diligent all year long , and enjoy a few glamorous moments in august . it 's a year of love and treasures ! $ you may discover that the world really does love you and that you are your severest critic . finances may come under close personal scrutiny this year , especially in november and december . be reasonable and realistic , then treat yourself as well as you try to treat others . why imagine crises far worse than anything real ? spend time with friends in december . enjoy artistic , spiritual , or just plain fun in february . you deserve it . follow your heart and surprise yourself in april . be safe , of course . be more big - hearted in august and let others enjoy your company . let others love you at year 's end ! $ you could be the life of the party all year long and dance the nights away . friends , neighbors , and favorite family members are there for you - and you for them - when things get challenging or stalled this year . you may feel under budget constraints and in less than a party mood in november , but that turns around in december . a sudden , necessary change at home in january can greatly improve your peace of mind and family relationships . love may crash in on you in april . enjoy the thrill and do not feel threatened . social life spins in high speed in august . thrill to it all ! $ it 's a fiery , big - hearted year in which it may be hard to refuse any offer or request . friends and neighbors will not intend to intrude on you or your resources so much , but you may offer more than is practical or necessary . this may occur mostly in december . be calmer and just as friendly , and be creatively inspired in february . a languishing or long - forgotten relationship might flash to life in april . if it do not ring true in your heart , well , life is change , is it not ? be gracious anyway . august is a gloriously social time . a provocative love turns positively sweet at year 's end ! $ friends and fun times close to home will make this a pleasant , relaxing year ! you may save your special charms for an intimate few , but everyone will enjoy your company and idea of fun . make some new friends and try out a fresh social scene . money is fine , but watch that budget in november . a big change at home in january may keep you close , but there are great things to do nearby . a partner or love interest could surprise you in the springtime , or you may be the one doing the surprising . friends are your good luck ! be loved all year ! $ home and being happy may be big priorities this year . you 're practical minded and no doubt have some new ideas to make your home environment more to your liking . spend some of november writing down and costing out those plans . friends will be there in december to help you make changes and relax afterward . february may be the busiest or tensest . relax and enjoy what you 're doing . a creative or spiritual activity in march can help keep you on track . romantic excitement could light up your life in april or may . it 's a sunny year rich in comfort , company , and love ! $ it 's a great year to bring home life and social life into better accord and surround yourself with happy family and friends . your playful , clever nature encourages people to listen to what you have to say . older people and relatives may be drawn to you - and be generous - in november . be busy and renew contacts in december . january may draw you deep into a home concern that will greatly enhance your overall environment . do not stress over any changes . love suddenly enters the scene in april . enjoy some rare peace and quiet until august reignites life with big fun and affection ! $ listen to your inner child this year and watch happiness and creativity bloom ! you 're completely practical and methodical , so most people will not suspect your wild , playful inner life that makes everything else possible . be conservative about spending , especially in november , and have plenty of resources for the artistic fun you need . december could bring many invitations to parties at friends ' homes . intimate is good ! a major change or shakeup in january could startle you out of taking your own home for granted . great goodwill come from this , so relax . march is creative , april is loving , and summer is big fun ! it 's a transformative year ! $ your inner child is near the surface this year and will lead you to many joyous and creative times ! you 're smart and naturally cautious , so there should be very little risk involved . you may be especially cautious regarding money in the autumn , but this will relax and leave you with more than enough resources for everything you need and want . you may crave new romantic excitement in the spring . work and rest well so you can be ready for a boost in your social life in august . the last few weeks of the year may be the loveliest and most affectionate of all ! $ goodwill and the desire to help others may be what you want most to do this year , and that 's wonderful so long as you take good care of yourself , too . think clearly and responsibly in the first two months , have energy to burn in december , and be ready for any surprise from any friend in january . maintain healthy habits in february and march . a change in partners is possible in april , or perhaps an improvement in attitude between you . it 's all good . the last two months are gloriously busy , fun , and romantic , so rest up and be good to yourself ! $ you have a high - energy year ahead , with plenty of motivation to sweep through those important little things that used to slow you down . start by being methodical and patient , step up to being more efficient and capable ( especially regarding money ) in the second month , then you can burst out , perhaps with a few friends , and tackle the world in the third month . a disagreement or amazingly happy surprise from a partner may arise in april or may . after a few unperturbed months to work as usual , celebrate and enjoy congratulations from friends and lovers . it 's a satisfying , spectacular year ! $ love could light up your world in a big way this year ! if already together , what is already great may get unbelievably better . if single , that state may not last . if not interested , well , that could change . the first quarter of the year is rock solid and practical . you may imagine problems with money in november , but nothing is seriously wrong . dream and enjoy big fun in february . love explodes on the scene in april . after a few months to cool down , big - time romance strikes again in august . step back from the limelight and cozy up with your special flame at year 's end ! $ you 're especially well loved and appreciated this year . you may not hear the words , but they 'll be in people 's hearts . charm and exquisitely clear thinking are yours , starting with the first month . if you feel nervous about money in november , by december you 'll see just how well you 're doing . take good care of yourself in march and april , and do not be caught off guard by illness or fatigue . love embraces you from family , friends , and that magical secret other in may . continue treating yourself well and meeting life 's daily necessities , and be ready for a splendidly social summer . love overflows in the last month ! $ love is rarely so luxurious and secure as it will be this year . people will love you on sight , and that special someone will not be able to do enough to make you happy . your deeper , more serious nature will only make you more desirable and mysterious from the first month on . you 'll be interested in everything and friends will not be able to keep up , especially in winter . be safe and healthy in april and pampered in may and june . social life and work may overlap , to everyone 's benefit , starting in august . the last month may be the most charming and charmed of all ! $ you have all the energy and tenacity you want or need this year , so do not hesitate ! you 'll do everything with class and composure , too . you 'll always have the right word for the right person , starting in the first month . your authority and money decisions will be sound and unquestioned in november . reserve time and happily blow off steam with friends in december . respect your own well - being in march and april . in may someone may need a substantial favor . do what you can and feel good . work gets busy and lucrative in the summer . love and luxury round out a great year ! $ communicate perfectly , say what you really mean , and hear what others really intend . with your infinite charm and irresistible smile , people will gladly answer your questions . a subtle sense of humor endears you to people in the first month . your patient , practical grasp of money matters impresses others . do not be anxious about anything this year . time with friends may be important in december . a happy fantasy could make february pleasant . take extra good care of yourself in april . you deserve it . talk , listen , and maybe help someone out in june . work is steady and generous , private life and love even more so ! $ horizons broaden and the whole world becomes your learning place . the only hard part is staying focused on one thing long enough to fully understand it . it 's no matter when life is this interesting , engaging , and fun ! think deeply and clearly in the first month . if you 're insecure about money or possessions in november , relax . things are fine . be energetic and upbeat with friends in december . be safe and health conscious in april . maybe take a trip or watch an inspiring travelogue in june . you could have a lucky break or gratuity in the summer - oh , and extra - charming love as the year ends ! $ connect with people you care about , no matter how far away or how long since you saw them last . someone might contact you in the first month , or perhaps they 'll just come to mind . you could get sentimental about an old possession or souvenir in november and want to spring into action and spend time with more people in december . make a new spiritual friend or two in february . be sure to take good care of yourself , and do not experiment with too many crazy new diets in april . enjoy your work in the summer , and positively love the end of the year ! $ feel at home anywhere in the world this year , and get attached to a few new favorite places , people , and things . your great natural charm will make you popular no matter where you are . your clear , thoughtful nature makes you easy to get along with . being practical , energetic , and enthusiastic in the first three months will propel you through a successful , happy rest of the year . a brief escape into fantasy lightens up february . play it safe in april . a trip is possible in july . work is pleasant and plentiful in august . the last month is full of harmony , happiness , and love ! $ be more visible at work and pay more attention to how others see you . in the first month you may fine - tune your appearance and think about how to control what others think and say about you . just be your basic charming , competent self . be motivated to improve your income and manage money more wisely in november . take good care of yourself and glow with health in april . advancement at work , or perhaps more satisfying work , is possible in july and august . do not be overeager and chase any good luck away . it 's a powerful , successful year full of richness and love ! $ you 'll be on a lot of people 's radar this year , and having such a public presence will bring you much good luck . your mental and social skills are at their peak and work together flawlessly , starting in the first month . pace yourself and do not overwork , especially in november and april . money and possessions may motivate you in december , making it sometimes hard to slow down . find artistic or spiritual release in february . you glow in the work world in august . an increase in money , reputation , and recognition are all possible . be modest and know you 're worthy . enjoy a glorious , glamorous year ! $ it 's a great year to launch a new career or business or build a public image . you have plenty of energy and motivation to excel at dealing with large numbers of people , making everyone happy . speak with gentle authority in the first month . if you 're feeling a bit old , that will stop when energy booms for you in december . do not overextend or get overambitious , but reserve some of that extra motivation and money . be joyful and inspired . respect your health in february and march . be strong and rested for summer - you 'll be at your most conspicuous , competent , and lucky ! $ associations , clubs , and social life are big - and lucky - priorities this year . people relate to you easily and enjoy your company , which can mean networking success . if you need more private time in the first month , it could be scarce . in december people will give you many leads and fuel your drive for more money and possessions . there could be a major shift or change in your neighborhood in january . be safe and healthy in april . star at work and perform well in august . friends , fans , and supporters admire you in the last two months - and so does that special intimate someone ! $ think big , talk with lots of people , and go out and be seen ! it 's no time to hide out with a small circle of friends and associates . think instinctively before you act in the first month , and balance charm and mature sophistication . a monetary windfall ( maybe some borrowed money returned to you ? ) or valuable gift may find you in december . say thank you . dream big in february . avoid needless risks in april , and play it safe and happy . be more prominent at work in august , and do not shirk from being more in charge . get social and popular in september . it 's a fun , fabulous year ! $ you can build complicated teams and partnerships and keep as many of your actions as quiet as you please this year . you can achieve a huge amount behind the scenes , and people will appreciate your discretion . you 're at your most charming and clever . your authority is strong in the first month . december ignites your drive to acquire better income and possessions . wishful thinking in february attracts people to you in march . be realistic and take care of yourself in april . a lucky career break or some public action raises your prestige . the last month is extremely powerful for you - smart , sexy , and immensely comforting ! $ take the soft approach and use your infinite charm and sharp wit , starting in the first month , and be successful and well received all year long . act with authority and maturity . respect your health and any physical limitations , however . find new sources and connections for income and desired possessions in december . a sudden change near home could affect you and your friends in january . be healthy and safe in april and stay active and energized . work is lucrative and lucky in the summer . the last month is intimate and full of luxury and love ! it 's a magnificent year ! $ popularity and charm are among your greatest secret weapons this year . you seem to read people 's minds and hearts , and nobody can resist your personal magic one - on - one . speak with a more conservative and respected voice in the first month . work hard behind the scenes in december and be rewarded for your efforts . share your creative imagination with others in february . take some extra precautions in april and respect your health . eat and rest well . good times and generous work situations fill august . in the last month thinking is stellar , feelings are powerful and empathetic , and love is tremendous ! $ niceness gets serious for you this year as you realize just how great it is to be able to be both . a deeper side of you emerges early , and people instantly respect you more and listen to what you have to say . you can modify this to suit your place and company , and your instincts will be flawless . be smart and ambitious in december . be conservative and a bit self - protective in april and commanding at work in august . things go your way socially in september . the year ends with you in full control of your critical thinking and tender feelings . love and be loved deeply ! $ think clearly , sharply , and quickly all year long . others may get confused from time to time , but you 'll instantly see through to what 's most important to solve any problem . be good to yourself , but do not take yourself too seriously , especially in the first few months . work hard in december and see material gains , though not as big as your dreams . dream big again - spiritually this time - in february . work opportunities and good luck explode for you in august . the last month is for retrospection , a bit of cool quiet time , and maybe some hot love ! have a sharp , sizzling year ! $ you 're on fire to make your mark and win whatever prize has caught your eye . while money and material possessions may be the superficial focus , your mind and heart will not stop there . being responsible and mature gains you popularity as the year begins . people will work with you in december to the material benefit of all . you 're extremely practical and motivated , a powerful combination . enjoy a meditative or spiritual respite in february and emerge stronger . be safety conscious in april . be prominent and effective at work in august to even more benefit and respect . in the last month reflect , relax , and get romantic ! $ your mind and heart are strongly in sync this year , bringing great material progress . you add sincere charm and maturity to everything you do , and people respond to this . take your well - being seriously , and be at your strongest and best all year long . self - motivation gets practical in december , and doors will open and lucrative offers will be made to you . be proactive , inventive , but cautious in april and see daily benefits , however modest . be popular , masterful , and in charge of your situation at work in august . your private thoughts and most intimate feelings come out full force at year 's end ! $ this is a high - octane year for you , when there will be no stopping you once you get going ! money and possessions ( including your own body ) are of utmost concern , and you 'll pursue the best and the most you can achieve all year . your serious concern for others gives you a great advantage , and so does your determination to take care of business . be smart and steer clear of any risky situations or actions , so be safe and healthy . be lucky at work in august , though everything might not be easy . enjoy a year vastly rich in affluence and affection ! $ friends and good times near to home smooth out a busy year . you 're popular and people trust you . slightly more old - fashioned manners or presentation could improve how people see you . be keen and active in pursuit of more income or material acquisitions in december . heavy - duty january is when friends or neighbors might present a scare . do not get nervous or paranoid stay cool and practical and help others cruise through the event . good feelings and intentions abound at home . good health and basic safety deserve extra attention . perform well at work in august and gain prestige and possibly future benefits . it 's a brilliant year ! $ desire for security and good times with friends and family may tug at your heart this year . a gracious , graceful attitude endears you to older relatives and especially female friends in the first three months . a strong practical streak may cause people to turn to you for help and advice in january . there 's plenty of time and outlet for pleasant times and fun , so do not let any imaginary fears ruin this for you . home is a more magical and inspiring place in february . be healthy and safe in april , and very successful at work in the summer . have a bright , loving year ! $ imagine what you want to do and have at home , and set in motion some of those changes now . older relatives and friends - and possibly some older women friends - will instantly understand and support you . work hard in december , see more cash flow , and save and apply to your future plans . a big change in the life of a friend or neighbor in january could further set you in motion . be inspired and inspiring at home . avoid any hazards , major or minor , in april . after some stunning good luck at work in summer , prepare for peace and massive love as the year ends ! $ be lucky and prominent all year ! you may be very productive behind the scenes , but you 're going to be spending more time at center stage , so do not overlook how productive that can be , too . cultivate extra charm and quiet good sense the first month . money may come , go , and come again in january . this will only further motivate you . home life becomes sweet and satisfying in february . hearts meet and dreams come to life . have mischievous fun in april . dazzle people at work and in public , with recognition and reward to come , especially in august . calm reflection and warm affection complete a great year ! $ your fondest wishes and plans for home may take work , but you have the vision , the means , and the luck to accomplish wonderful things for your home and family . accept invitations and suggestions in the first two months . a money matter could flare in january , resolving very much in your favor . your home environment gets refined , dreamy , and more comfortable and comforting in february and march . spread your wings and be creative in april . work becomes important in august . do your best , be gracious , and reap great rewards . september and october are more subdued and private . a romantic revelation answers a karmic question at year 's end ! $ have great fun and share great joy with many people this year ! derive maximum satisfaction by being creative and encouraging others to follow their dreams . you 're attractive , smart , and patient , so the year may start slowly , but it will not be boring . keep track of your money in january , and do not make any rash decisions . home will be a dreamy refuge in february and march . the most intense time could be april and may . make the most of it . luck and popularity peak in july and august . make the most of this , too . an important lesson in october will serve you well for a long time ! $ surprise and the ability to turn the unexpected your way will be superpowers for you this year ! maintain control , do not get carried away with the thrill , and see great things happen almost on their own . being popular and practical brings many friends and allies in the first month . a money surprise could happen in january , so be sharp and do not overreact . relax with family in february . watch for wild fun and romance in april . be in the spotlight and prosper at work all summer long . catch your breath and cozy up to a smarter , more serene relationship in the last month ! $ be a bundle of energy on a daily basis this year ! if work or home routines get boring , you 'll find endless ways to vary things and keep your interest fresh . take good care of your health and make incredible progress . be financially motivated in january and generate some extra income . be motivated for some fresh fun in april and may . keep track of the little things in june . expertly handle big things at work in august and see rewards . schedule quiet time in the last two months and have a private insight with positive karmic results . extra love and good company conclude the year ! $ decide what you really want to have and then apply slow , steady pressure to make it happen ! be pleasant and practical with everyone , and make new friends to share your adventures this year . impatience with money or some valued possession could cause some stress in january . relax and do not imagine difficulties . in may and june you may question your resolve , but be systematic , trust your judgment , and find your answers . a big lucky break at work or in some other public setting in august could take you to a higher place . love , wisdom , and a personal insight are yours this year ! $ love , romance , and all things charming and seductive will surround you this year ! some will be fantasy , but very few . love will have substance and solidity , to have and to hold . the first month set your intentions , establish your style , and let companions know what you like and expect . appearances matter . watch the budget because shopping could be big in february . a wild romantic fling in april has thrills but will not last . in may and june your heart settles down and you could meet that special someone . be big - hearted all summer . insightful discussion and deep affection fill the last few months ! $ love sparkles as never before ! if you 're looking for that ideal heartthrob , more than one could show up at your door . if you 're not , love is still going to be the prime mover for this year . in the first month you may have the tastes of a perfectionist , but you crave variety , too . one big night out in january might need the whole month 's budget if you 're not careful . recover in comfort at home during february and march . june promises the most romantic times , thrilling new places , and elegant occasions . feel regal ( if not worshipped ) all summer . treasure those memories at year 's end ! $ you 'll be a natural problem solver this year . even when there 's no time to think , you 'll spot the solution right away . as the year starts you 'll be thinking in simple , direct , practical ways that cut through the most complex of situations . a financial matter in february will be easily resolved . your people - pleasing skills will also smooth the way . relax and enjoy home life in february and march . kick up those heels and dance in april ! be the center of attraction in august . watch the summer 's great good luck persist all the rest of the year . be especially loved and appreciated in the last few months ! $ taking care of business ranks high for you this year , and a lot of that business may not even be yours . be patient , listen , and take time to reply , especially with loved ones in the first two months . keep to that budget and stay secure in january . make your home more loving and lovely in february . in april surprise someone with an old favorite trick they 've never seen you do . june and july may be busy with other people 's concerns . do what you can and have no regrets . win hearts in august and win minds in october . it 's a splendid , loving year ! $ enjoy a lot of mutual concern and give and take among friends and family this year . no one will feel stranded or forgotten when times are easy or rough . be the tactful voice of reason for your family in the first few months . put more energy into increasing income in january , and see quick results . mind the budget , though . decompress with some mildly crazy fun in april and may . people may need one another in july - be there and be cherished . be sublimely lucky and popular in august . as the year ends , be greatly respected , loved , and admired ! $ big thinking and big family support take you very far this year ! spend the first month being clear about how you want to look and act , and then be practical about pursuing your immediate goal . take one thing at a time . some extra energy and attention to budget and earnings will pour added income your way in january . a sweet dream at home in february could enter the waking world . be popular and widely respected in july and august . casual friends may look at you differently after october . a true love will never lose sight of the real you , though . it 's a love - filled year ! $ take the long view this year and be bold in your plans for the future . big changes for the better could be set in motion now . practicality and good presentation will help you accomplish a lot in the first month . be bold but not daring or reckless with money in january if a big opportunity comes your way . nurture that big private dream in march . creative boldness can bring success in april . see and be seen in july and august . be self - assured and comfortable with others . you may reassess some of your decisions and opinions in the last month . let yourself be richly loved ! $ your challenge this year is to not doubt your great good luck and to feel deserving of all the success that 's coming your way . you have all the social graces and good sense needed to achieve your goals , so step out of the shadows , smile , and proceed . the first month is crucial to building momentum , so allow no excuses . a financial opportunity could open up in january . be smart and decisive . a spiritual touchdown may bring you comfort in february . opportunity , timing , and popular support are all yours in august . do not be nervous and look the other way . it 's a bright , golden , love - filled year ! $ your lucky star is shining bright , bringing you more popularity , respect , and recognition than you feel prepared to receive . people love you , and you return the affection . in the first month give thought to how you want the world to see you and then conform to your own view of you . money may come and go and come again in january . be practical and prepared . spend some healing time at home in february . july and august will put you in the spotlight and bring many people your way . a quiet person may have a special love for you . sweet , intimate memories reflect this rich year ! $ career , prosperity , and success come together for you this year ! as your daily work advances your career plans , happiness and fulfillment follow . your authority will be respected , starting in the first month . people will like you and like how you do things . a business or money opportunity ( or outright gift ) might appear in january . be sharp , smart , and gracious . friends provide fanciful amusement in february . april has exciting fun . august and september are your months to shine brightest at work and in public . in the last month look back at how far you 've come and see how much love surrounds you ! $ people will hear your voice and want to hear what you have to say ! they will mostly agree and comply , too . make new friends in the first month , though some may not last long . money or a valuable article might come your way in january . you know how to take good care of things . friends give you a spiritual lift in february . crazy fun or hot romance flashes in april or may . be thrust into the public eye in august , and be a central figure at work in september , all to your great credit . it 's a smart , shining , and sexy year ! $ let people into your life and they will take you good places ! if not much of a joiner or group person , you may become one in a minor way this year . after the first month you 'll feel as attractive as people perceive you to be . have confidence in your money - handling abilities , too , particularly in january and february when there may be more money to handle . relax with neighborhood friends in march . be bold but not reckless in april and may . watch the budget in august and participate in community generosity . from october until year 's end is rich in company and intimate love ! $ trust yourself , let people support you , and succeed ! relax any severe self - criticism in the very first month and cheerfully go out there and try things . energy , money , and a sudden opportunity are yours in january . be sensible but not reticent . talk to people and ask opinions and advice , especially in february . you 'll hear hopes and wishes as often as practical tips . all may be useful in time . be a rebel in april and then let it go . get happily lost in a generous crowd in august . october and november have karmic insights and connections that show you just how deeply you 're respected and loved ! $ social life and friends may become more important to you this year ! be your normal , friendly self , but let your heart open to better appreciate true friends and kindred spirits . money or some big gift in january could bring you new friends , some of them fair - weather ones . you 'll spot them . time with established , trusted friends in february more than makes up for past excitement . break out in april with some passionate fun . be safe , though . dance in the big crowd in august and then waltz into october , when you may prefer a smaller group . the year is full of fun , good people and better and better love ! $ have some brilliant insights about the people in your life . you do not have to share your new knowledge with anyone , though you might confide in one or two special intimates . people like you and will want to talk with you , especially in the first month . the second month , real life and money concerns may steal your attention and be of great benefit later . this could come in handy at home in april . your social life picks up in august , though you may not feel totally connected with everyone . the last month gets intense , perhaps with a secret uncovered and the return of a deep love ! $ it 's a new year and a new you with fresh passion in your heart ! people may please you more , and they will be drawn to your sheer love of life . in january a passion - or just a better appreciation - for money and possessions could spur you to find more income in a more pleasing way . if a friend hurts your feelings in february , forgive and forget . make a small but radical change at home and be happy . do something social and grand , but affordable , in august . the last month look back critically but sympathetically on all you 've done and enjoyed . it 's a passionate , love - filled year ! $ be your own shining light this year and see how many people love and follow you ! no matter what great advice or recommendations you receive , your decision will be the right one . let material concerns motivate you in january and perhaps acquire more than you anticipated . be there for friends in february , but do not take everything personally . touch up something at home and greatly please yourself , if no one else . august is festive , if expensive , so take care . the last two months are full of plans , reconsideration , and memories . you know who loves you . be loved and love back . it 's a very powerful year ! $ your generous spirit drives you forward to happiness and success ! keep yourself in the equation of life , help others , and greatly help yourself . material well - being is the focus of january , and you have energy and luck to profit from all your work . friends offer relief , comfort , and fun in february . in march and april fill your home with a fresh feeling that 's pure you . august can get exhausting and expensive , so respect some limits , as hard as that may be . the last month may have some frustrations , but do not get impatient or question any decisions you 've made this year . live and love to the fullest ! $ money and material security may be on your mind a lot this year , and you have the resources and support to take care of it all ! cheerfully work hard at what you love , and banish any anxieties . from the first , people like you and want you to succeed . january brings the first and perhaps biggest opportunity to nail down more income and financial security . be realistic , pragmatic , and proactive . watch expenses in august , but do not stint or feel deprived . in the last two months appraise this successful year , with plans for more success to come . be proud , love yourself , and be loved ! $ be brave and bold - hearted and charge through the year ! nothing can hold you back once you set a direction and goal for yourself . most of your energy and attention will go into practical projects , work , and money , so you could go very far indeed . january will be the most opportune time , so stay sharp and be ready . in the spring make a big personal change at home and have the comfort and peace you want and need . in august and september public concerns may impose , but you will not lose focus . end the year with a lot of gain in both material wealth and great affection and love ! $ the practical side of life will hold fewer mysteries for you this year ! finances and material possessions may occupy your attention , but you 'll never lose sight of the bigger picture or forget what all your work is for . people will see this and want to be with you and help when they can from the first month on . january could be the most intense and busy , so be ready for anything . august puts you in the public eye or socially more central . in the last few months you 'll see how far you 've come , how much you 've learned , and how very much love you 're receiving ! $ happy birthday greetings to you ! if you 're starved for new people , places , and things , you 'll be thrilled with this year . great variety and all things bright and beautiful will catch your eye , entertain , and enlighten you . you radiate charm , and people will enjoy your company . extra money could suddenly appear in january . see how much you can retain . february and march are happy , stimulating times at home and on short outings with friends . august lets you indulge your passions in a bigger way with more people . keep expenses under control if you can . the last two months hold the most personal progress and the deepest love and regard ! $ be inspired by your friends and share your loftiest aspirations and goals with those most intimate with you . you 're exceptionally charming this year , so people may spontaneously confide their dreams to you . be sympathetic and respectful . money and material concerns may take precedence in january . you 'll be skillful and energetic without forgetting your inspiration . friends and family reenergize you in march and april . be dynamic and popular in public in august . a karmic moment at work in october reinforces your resolve . the last two months are full of love and heartfelt wisdom from someone who may know you better than you know yourself ! $ it 's a pivotal year to complete something big or perhaps create a firm foundation for a long - cherished dream . either way , it 's a year of success , stability , and deep , strong roots into a prosperous future . self - confidence and support from friends and family are yours . money is there , too , though it may go out as well as come in . budget and plan accordingly . what you enjoy at home and with friends in the spring will expand and bring you popularity in the late summer . by october you 'll have accomplished a great deal and see ways to build on it . love is part of your foundation this year , too ! $ an endless supply of quiet charm can take you through a busy , productive year . be motivated to handle all manner of money issues in january , organize finances , and possibly see some improvement in income . do not think big - think practical . february has plenty of fun and fantasy escapes with good friends . see your home in a new light in march and april and be more happy and comfortable all the rest of the year . your small gestures and efforts will have big results , at work as well as socially , from august until year 's end . learn , love , and be loved in the biggest way ! $ overflow with energy and passion , and see a lot of lingering loose ends tied up and laid to rest . a smile at the right time can resolve a problem . imagine what an appropriate hug could do . january and february may be busy with earning more income and spending more time with friends , so be realistic and seek a balance . april and may enrich your home life and give you a stronger sense of direction . august may briefly put you in the public eye , but a temporary change can be good for morale . end the year smarter , more stable , and more secure in all your relationships . $ this year you 'll have a taste for fun and living life to the fullest . people will flock to your side , so there will be no lack of company or inspiration . you may do something new in the very first month that sticks with you for a long time . keep expenses in hand during january and a better cash flow is possible . friends provide dreamy entertainment in february . a family member could surprise you in april . relax . it 's nothing very new . summer offers bigger boisterous fun . balance work and play in october and benefit greatly . it 's a year of popularity , generosity , and love ! $ crazy fun and adventure may tug at you at times , but you have built - in restraints that keep the situation under control ! be both bold and realistic , and fulfill some of those dreams and urges . your work ethic ignites in a big way in january , giving you opportunities to improve your income . friends and big fantasies may fill up february . enjoy , but do not expect perfection . a smart but crazy - looking idea may solve an old problem at home in march or april . pursue your own plans uninterrupted , with a dash of big summer fun , and conclude the year wiser , admired , and greatly loved by someone you least expect ! $ your daily routine can be a great source of pleasure and discoveries this year if you can sit still long enough ! restlessness may be an issue , but never boredom . your natural charm will bring new people to you who will introduce you to no end of clever new places and things . money should be abundant , though you might want to spend more , often intending to share . enjoy , but remember to budget . receive generosity in august and september . an observation at work in october enhances your people skills . love and wisdom in love touch you in the last two months . it 's an exciting year ! $ romance and the yearnings for new love could fill your heart all year long . you will not need to go looking , since charm pours from your very presence . be careful about whom you smile ( or even look ) at ! in february imagine your dream partner and it could happen by june . be wildly popular all year , especially in summer . from august until year 's end people will want to treat you well . respond in kind , as finances allow . a karmic meeting could occur in october , but it may not click until much later . spend the closing months in a warm embrace of soulmate quality ! $ love touches many aspects of your life this year . be quietly popular and have many people seek you out for company and comfort . they will not all be needy - some will have comfort to offer you . someone may appreciate a change in you that you have not noticed or acknowledged . money and material concerns may profitably occupy you in late january . friends present a pleasant escape ( and perhaps a small problem or two ) in february . open discussions and open hearts are a theme for the whole year , but especially june . people greatly love you in august . gently touch many hearts by year 's end ! $ love of self , love of home , and that special tender , romantic love will guide this year ! you may be lured into loving the outlandish , too , especially in the first month . self - interest and a desire to have more to share will motivate you to work harder in february . friends may urge you to relax in march . consider it . something you love at home may displease a loved one in april . by june it will all be forgotten . be of service to people in august , and then give them the pleasure of pleasing you . great love and keen insights are yours before year 's end ! $ great forces gather beneath the surface of this low key year ! your intellect and people skills are at their peak , but you may still crave some major change . go easy on yourself and others all year . money and your talent for finding more are more than adequate , though you may question this in january and july . be realistic and plan accordingly . let friends pursue fantasies in february . you may not want to relocate , but an opportunity could arise in april . be realistic . relationships and love surround you as the months unfold ! if dissatisfied with your considerable progress , treasure all the love ! $ you do not have to solve everyone 's problems this year , but you certainly have the strength and know - how to do so . be sweet and firm as the year begins . see a radically different side of yourself in january . this can benefit you in your finances and in the work world in february and october . a change at home or with family could be big but no surprise in april or may . people may keep you busy with their problems in july and august . listening can be helpful , too . honesty and heart - warming clarity in an established love affair are yours in the final months ! $ it 's a generous , joy - filled year when the good luck you lavish on others reflects back on you ! the first month may be one of the richest , so open your heart right away . the second is rich in energy and drive to better yourself and your financial state . although things are fine , anything can be improved . friends can inspire you the next month . home life could see a simple but radical improvement in april and may . master a difficult situation in august and earn great respect . if your social life slows a bit , you may welcome the change of pace . it 's a love - filled , generous year ! $ you may not feel like a perfectionist , but this year you are . you have that magic touch to do all the little things exquisitely right . start the year listening and watching , and see method in any madness . work diligently in february and earn money as well as fondness and respect . keep aspirations high but expectations low in february and march . a surprise at home could distract you in april but will not make you careless . be wise , generous , and lucky for others - and you - in august . maybe cut back on social groups in november and spend more time relaxing with that special love ! $ make plans for a trip that 's been calling to you . it may not be far , but it will be far enough from daily routine to freshen your attitude , warm your heart , and expand your mind . even an imaginary trip can make possible a brilliant , accomplished year . be on the move in the first month and get inspired . be ambitious and successful in january and february . you 'll notice how much more you can do for yourself and others ( with apparently no extra effort ) in august and september . then love your peace and quiet , and the cozy affection that comes with it , the last few months ! $ you may feel a tug of war between wanting to live on the grand scale but work on the ideal , detailed , smaller scale . why choose when you can pursue both and succeed ? do serious brainstorming on the biggest plans the first month . the second month be motivated , ambitious , and willing to go it alone even if you 're working on behalf of others . respect a setback at home in april , but do not stop . august opens a lucky period . share , then greatly benefit . in september focus on details and advance socially . go slowly , love yourself , and attract lasting love in the last two months ! $ be popular wherever you go ! if not the brightest star , you 'll still shine and hear people call your name . your thoughts are lofty and your charm has practical aims . surprise yourself in the first month . be financially sensible and make great progress in february . relax with some wild , crazy friends in april . brilliant ideas and actions in august may not work out as planned . it is not your fault . smile and keep going . october is bright with popularity , success at work , and maybe a karmic gift . the last few months are calm , quiet , and passionate in all the right ways ! $ find that ideal job , excel at the work you have , or maybe finally recognize the work that feeds your soul ! you 're also a powerful people person , so work that crowd and nurture those relationships . the friends and decisions you make in the first two months will mean a lot in the summer and fall . make financial and business contacts in february and march . break loose with friends in april . enjoy being needed in august . favors done now will return many - fold . shine at work and in public in october , but be mindful of changes to come . respect , admiration , and love are all yours this year ! $ get serious about the work you love and see a year of success ! it 's easy to think through the big picture and then put together practical and popular plans that work like a charm . what looked like mere dreams last year can begin to happen in the first couple months . be ambitious and focused on a dream in march . extra money could follow . friends may disagree in april but no one will leave you . solve someone 's big problem and make a big impression in august . career opportunities abound in october . quiet , sincere , long - term affection finds you and ends the year with love ! $ career and a strong public presence can take you where you want to go ! clear , solid thinking and masterful social skills are only two of your gifts this year . work hard in february , do not underestimate yourself , and improve your finances . friends may tempt you into unwise but fun old habits in april . be nice but stay practical and decline . be big - hearted in august and september , but again , stay practical . a karmic lesson in october could redirect your career path . a change made now could have big ramifications . be patient and wise . indulge in more private - and more intimate - times in the closing months ! $ social life may be more important , pleasant , and productive this year ! how do the demands of your social activities add to or subtract from the rest of your life ? at first you may want to do more of everything with everyone , but this will calm down in late february and march when you focus more on the practical aspects of daily life , pay bills , and earn more income in a pleasant way . frivolous friends grow boring in april . your generous spirit returns in august and september but in a wiser , more sensible form . great progress , admiration , and affection conclude a powerful year ! $ do countless good works and random acts of kindness this year . most will be anonymous , so leave the glory to others . be rewarded in other , more material ways , especially in february and march ( when you might be most active and motivated ) . step outside the box ( not that you 're in one ) with friends and have some profitable fun in april and may . do something small in september and come to the rescue in a big way for someone special . it 's a year of blessing others and being blessed , most especially with love . feel good about yourself and your whole life every day ! $ spread those angel wings and fly this year ! it do not get much more fun than that , and the benefits are great . think things through clearly and practically on a daily basis , starting in the first month , and watch your daily life graciously improve . this includes dealing with money , especially in february . energy and ambition peak now , and will carry you through several productive months . in august your generosity assists someone and brings you rewards , too . do a public deed in october , small to you but big in others ' eyes . tender love surrounds you all year , especially in the last month ! $ here 's a powerful , peaceful year that 's anything but boring ! it 's rare to get this much opportunity to focus on your own stuff , work hard , and move forward by leaps and bounds . the first two months are the most dynamic , but the whole year gives you elbow room for progress . budget smartly and work hard in the second month and bring a dream to life . friends may doubt in april , but they 'll come around . someone may need your support in august . a karmic door opens for you in october . take good care of yourself from november on , and share more quality time with a special someone ! $ it 's the year to treat yourself well and accomplish many things that the world has made difficult in the past . surprise and maybe pleasantly shock a few people with your straightforward , practical boldness . the first two months hold the most stellar assistance , so work hard , get finances and budget in keen focus , then blast unhindered through the year . shed a useless old habit in april . august lets you bless and be blessed . a karmic insight in october will improve many future relationships . the last two months are all yours , with love , quiet popularity , fondness , and comfort . you 've earned it ! $ the year is full of remarkable insights and valuable lessons . use them wisely and do not look down on yourself or others for any previous oversights or mistakes . use the early months to hone your skills at managing money and earning more , if needed . stand up for yourself and deepen friendships in april and may . your heart is in tune with the needs of others in august and september . be practical and all will benefit . the most valuable bolt from the blue may strike in october . process it slowly and calmly . be sociable and let others love you , especially in the last two months ! $ it 's a brilliant year full of personal power and few obstructions to your goals ! the opening weeks of the year are the most intense ( and intensely helpful ) , so spot opportunities and pounce . you 're full of energy all year , especially in the second month . organize finances , nail down a realistic budget , and make great progress . if friends disapprove of something in april , it 's simply a difference in taste . you know what you like . if expenses increase in august , be patient . it 'll turn around . make a karmic connection in october , then be socially active ( but not wildly so ) and privately pampered and loved ! $ dreams of material bliss may inspire you this year . you 're energetic enough to assure that a few of these dreams could happen , so stay realistic and resist the urge to give away as quickly as you acquire . great things may be possible in the future , so yes , dream then plan wisely . the busiest months may be the first three , so act right away . question old habits and stale advice in march and april . be of great service - and be compensated - in august . a karmic partnership could broaden a horizon for you in october . go places physically and emotionally . it 's a loving , inspired year ! $ be shockingly clever , socially smooth , work hard for your own causes , and make a lot of good things happen ! your own talents put you ahead in the first month . skill at handling and pursuing money will advance you in the second . be prudent in what you choose to do and come out ahead every time . you may bewilder old friends and family in april . be understanding but undeterred . august lets you help someone out . do it , if you can . enjoy a cool , comforting social scene in the last few months , with great love in more intimate settings . it 's a power - packed year ! $ find countless surprising delights close to home and in the company of choice friends and family this year . be amazing all year , but do not take yourself too seriously . the first two months are high energy - you can accomplish the most the fastest - so pace yourself . be productive and see income improve . emotions may calm down in march and april , but you 'll have the most fun now . work hard for others but do not exhaust yourself in august and september . watch for enlightenment in october . november and december , tone down social interactions and see passion and affection pour in from a long - time lover ! $ some old habits will surprise you and serve you well , but others may hold you back . you 're smart . you 'll see things differently this year . be patient - wise decisions will follow . the first three months may be busy and confusing , so refuse to be rushed . money and prospects for more income are good , especially in february , but do not be frivolous . you may be less than pleased with friends in march and april . do not get short - tempered and emotional . feel good about everyone again in august , and enjoy reciprocal generosity . in the last two months dispel any regrets about past decisions and accept great love from many people ! $ home , luxuries , permanence , and stability may draw you more than in the past . in the first month use fresh ideas and social contacts to pursue a modest dream . your energy bursts its bounds the second month , and nothing is too high for your aim . be sensible and win admiration with your success . money improves with persistence , so work hard and do not give it all away . complete a big project at home april and may and feel secure all year long . easily solve someone 's big problem in august and gain more respect . a great , long - lasting love finds you in the closing months ! $ the comforts of home and the love of family may bring you great pleasure and be easier than ever this year . the first month you may effortlessly become the heavy lifter on many projects and not even notice . skillfully make easy work of managing your own financial and material concerns , especially in february . others might be helping behind the scenes . surprising news could come in april . be content and intuitive about home and family affairs in may . be bustling and happy in august . big crowds may be burdensome in november , but intimate groups and more quality love time can fix all ! $ it 's a great year full of creative comforts and a few innocent guilty pleasures ! keep control of those expenses and even the guilt can go away , leaving pure pleasure . with a little thought in the first month , you can generate more charm and even sex appeal for the rest of the year . february brings ideas and opportunities to improve the money flow . april allows for some old favorite but still radical fun with friends . june is the richest and most creative . be lucky for others and benefit in august . slow down in november for some quiet , cozy , affectionate fun . be smart but enjoy every day ! $ have a blast and share your clever , creative happiness with everyone ! you have the gift of charming , surprising , memorable speech , and you 're quick on your feet . be productive and busy with money matters in february , although your dreams may be bigger . stay real and profit . friends cheer and distract you in april . do what pleases you most in may and june , though it may be hard to explain to others . in august someone else 's concerns could cost some of what you gained in february . be compassionate but sensible . social contact may cool in december . enjoy the peace . big - hearted love is yours all year ! $ love yourself more and let more love find you ! whether it 's exciting and new or already established and deep , let a powerful love fill your whole year . an urge for change could strike you in april and bring new people into your life . be passionate but respectful of your own needs and responsibilities . everyone may idolize you in august and september . enjoy it , but do not be serious about it . your public image shines bright in november and december . be modest and sensible and attract even more love . a social storm may briefly interrupt january . the year ends smartly and with an idealistic love . $ love those little rituals of daily life and maybe find a tender new love and partner to share more of your life . sometimes the best things - and people - have modest appearances and are easily overlooked . not this year ! in april romantic sparks could fly and send you chasing after something ( or someone ) radically different . go back to a quieter , more productive routine until august , when summer fun rocks the romance boat . the heart beats fastest in september . in late november be cool and connect with other cool heads . friends , trusted companions , smart decisions , and lofty dreams are yours at year 's end ! $ passion runs high , so pay attention and do not miss out if a fated partnership , romance , or friendship appears out of nowhere this year ! in april you may need a change , or just more excitement , so make an effort to not be impulsive or impatient with yourself or others . you 'll want to work hard and make progress , especially in august , when you might overdo things and burn out for a bit . be good to yourself . in late september and october a new person may enter your life , perhaps someone you first met in april . passion turns practical in december , and love never leaves the scene all year ! $ create more harmony and enjoy smoother partnerships of all kinds this year . people are cooperative and find you more fun to be with , starting in the first two months . be sharp in april and make the most of unexpected opportunities and meet - ups with flamboyant people . be accomplished in the following months , especially august , when what 's best for you is also good for others . love sweetens any deal made in october , but the pleasures may not last all year . passions rise and you may work harder in december . friends and lovers are all around you in january and february . love and dream big ! $ matters of the heart may feel serious and urgent this year . consult your head , and sometimes put yourself in the other person 's place for perspective and a sense of balance . in april you may be tempted to do or say something impulsive and a bit wild . keep control of your emotions and spend more time with pleasant , agreeable people . be ambitious and accomplished for several undisturbed months . passion flares in august . relax and be good to yourself . be more easygoing and enjoy a summer - long party atmosphere . october could be tense and passionate . relax more with friends in the closing months of an emotionally exciting year ! $ be energized and serious about all you do this year ! that includes having fun . you might be the center of excitement in april , or you may spring a huge surprise on everyone . be humble in public and thrilled in private . save some passion for your own well - being in august and have a great fun - filled summer . other people take up your time in october , but it will be good for you later , too . feel serious and work hard in december . in january a big change at work could happen around you . stay settled . friends and that special love are never far away ! $ it 's a passion - filled year , equally filled with opportunities to take you far . any hard work you 're able to do will be rewarded . march and april are times for experimenting , perhaps even with a wild notion or two . be sensible , not reckless , and be as ambitious and popular as you please . keep up a steady effort and enjoy a glorious , glamorous summer . november and december are also busy , ambitious times . do not doubt yourself now . if things are stirred up at work in january , you can come out on the lucky end . be smart , ambitious , and idealistic all year . be well loved and popular , too ! $ make your mark on the world with steady , serious effort and sheer persistence . with so much passion and drive behind you it can be fun , too . use april to think outside the box and try new approaches to old problems . stay even - tempered and avoid getting hyper . invent what you need . summer fun and popularity will give you more opportunities and popularity in august . try to moderate your activities , keep a sane schedule , and stay healthy . december is another prime time to shine , so do your best . ride out any changes at work in january . friendly affection and sweeter love round out a stellar year ! $ your best efforts will take you far this year . ambition is great and you 're motivated to help others as much as yourself . march and april may be chaotic and full of accidental events and surprises . stay safe and sensible , and see if any surprises can be turned to good . maybe win some new friends as well . the next few months are calm and good for progress . august ignites with summer fun and big - hearted generosity . keep things within bounds and let the limelight find you . your unselfish work in december could win you love as well as acclaim and reward . end the year with warm romance ! $ career and your standing in the world are highlighted and favored this year ! other people will not intimidate or distract you . in the spring be bold and inventive , sometimes to the point of shocking . be practical , too , and do not get so wired or highly strung that you alienate anyone who may want to like you and perhaps work with you later . you 'll settle down and be more systematic by august . take care of yourself , health included , and do not shy away from being popular . reach your peak at work in january . be wrapped in tender love and caring friends in the final months ! $ career and work opportunities beckon , so get ready ! be it an advance in your current position or the offer of something wonderful , look forward to moving from where you are to somewhere much better . be energetic and willing to try new things in the first two months . step off your normal path and sample some new and exciting activities . august and september bring busy and popular fun times when you could be wined and dined beyond healthy limits . be smart , too . work prospects sparkle all january . be sharp and sensible . surround yourself with loving friends and cozy romance in the last month ! $ good times with groups of good friends could be the lifeline that makes this fiery year so successful . you have great passion and a love of life that will not quit , so burnout could be an ongoing problem . friends will help . the first two months are exciting and full of surprises . cool it for a few months , but expect august to fill up with creative fun and crazy good times . catch your breath and work steadily through to november - that 's when you really buckle down . a big change at work could be in your favor in january . from february on is yours to decompress , love , and be loved ! $ be the expert behind the scenes this year and build up a great reputation ! it is not instant recognition but a great foundation for future success . take those calculated chances in march and april , learn a lot , and win a lot of admiration . money could improve in april and may and life could get more comfortable if you are not extravagant . august and september are full of fun and generous people . be helpful in november and get rewarded in december . friends and co - workers are understanding and cooperative , especially as the year closes . be at your best all year and see how friendships , love , and affection find you ! $ it 's a warm , emotional year when many people touch your heart and you touch theirs ! feelings may be sensitive the first few days of the year , but after that you can strongly focus on your own needs and desires . be energetic and ambitious all spring long . daily life may get more lovely and comfortable in may . work diligently and smartly through the summer . august can still be great , glorious fun . in late autumn someone else 's serious concern may touch your heart . be sensible and supportive . the last two months glow with a friendly social scene and maybe love from an unexpected direction ! $ it 's a magical year when you can have great but subtle influence with many people . intuition and instinct help you read people better than ever before . lay low for the first few days and then leap into action when the spring season begins . be practical but bold and stretch your wings in april . work steadily but with a low profile for several months and advance financially and socially . august could bring big summer fun . stay out of the spotlight and accomplish a great deal . be ambitious and quietly successful in december . meet a challenge in january and then cruise comfortably and lovingly the rest of the year ! $ it 's a powerful year for you , so do not shy away from any change or challenge ! however sensitive your heart , you will not lose determination or resolve , especially in march and april . relax a bit in may and enjoy more creature comforts . continue working hard on those things most important and see slow , steady financial progress . enjoy your favorite forms of summer fun in august , but keep an eye on expenses . someone may need a favor in late november , and this can later provide an opportunity for you . friends and a special love bring great joy and some personal magic in the last several months ! $ many exciting times are on your horizon this year ! be sensible , pace yourself , and have the energy to do as much as you like . surprise people all year , especially in march and april . force yourself to take a moment and focus your attention on what you want to achieve . be ambitious . a touch of charm will make your great energy more acceptable , and even admirable , to many people . august may get wild and hyper , so stay practical , especially about money . be wise , influential , and modest in late november . in the last few months be surrounded by loyal friends , brilliant ideas , and great love ! $ it 's a strong and beautiful year ahead ! be and look your best , and enjoy private and public progress . april may be the most ambitious for you , but keep those plans intact and stay flexible when things do not go smoothly . may ushers in a more gracious lifestyle and a more solid and sensible approach toward all money issues . have a great summer , especially august , but do not overdo it . be the voice of reason to someone important to you in late november . if january is challenging at work , make the most of it . lush love and cooperative friends are all yours for the rest of the year ! $ this could be the year you improve your financial situation and make progress that lasts ! start the year mentally organized and full of energy and ambition . friends and family support you . use every day in april . by may settle down and work hard at less experimental or daring projects . you have all the patience and persistence in the world . summer fun may call to you in august , but it will not distract you for long . you may work harder still , and for the welfare of others , in november and december . friends , co - workers , and lover are all there for you , especially the last several months . $ express yourself and get your message out this year . this will help all money decisions and financial actions , so do your homework , know what you want , and say so . you may be most energetic and motivated in the first month , but you will not fizzle out . by may you 'll have a plan that includes all you need and want . make contacts in may and june and see solid progress , however slow at first . enjoy yourself in august . mature and sensible decisions in december win you respect and admiration . be widely embraced and loved by casual acquaintances and more intimate companions from january until the year ends ! $ have the best times and the best luck in nearby favorite places with your favorite people . find countless adventures and new excitement near home , especially in the first two months . with a refreshed spirit , be ambitious and accomplish many goals in the next several months . in june friends may spur you to greater action and more practical behavior . august is the time for what pleases you most . be responsible and respected in november . starting in january friends and co - workers will be cooperative , no matter what the task or challenge . in the last month love and fulfillment will never be far away ! $ buzz with curiosity and companionship all year long ! life may lead you down some twisted paths , but you 'll learn and benefit from it all . in april concentrate on yourself - your goals and how to reach them . some wild ideas may arise and you may try a few . be practical and respectful of daily needs and then branch out . june heats up when friends seek you out and you approach them for fun outings and fruitful discussions . august is also on fire with summer fun . pace yourself and remember those mundane obligations and expenses . be smart and successful in december . affection fills the rest of the year ! $ family and a happy home life may motivate you toward a great year ! april is primarily yours , so get a quick start on being and looking the way you want . be ambitious and energetic , too . in may you might change something at home that will improve everything . it might lessen costs , too . be sensible and be happy about it . in july something fundamental at home may need to change , or perhaps a family issue could be resolved in the best way imaginable . be vibrant with fun in august . in december solve something important . enjoy the remaining months with friends , family , and sizzling love ! $ a balancing act between home and work could keep you busy this year , but you have more than enough energy for both . decide what you want to concentrate on and when . start april off on fire , keen to try new approaches to everything . be sensible and avoid the outrageous . may brings a sweet surprise , perhaps a gift or a sharp , smart idea that leads to better money management . see more of your ideal home in july . august is pure fun . in november do your best for someone and benefit greatly . many people love you and want to see you do well . it 's a golden year ! $ it 's a fantastic , friendly year , rich in passion ! there will be challenges , too , so it will not be boring . in april personal passions ignite and take you down an ambitious , personally satisfying road . stay practical , and do not be so hyper that you chase off anyone . in may you could see an upswing in income if you 're persistent . august is incredibly lucky and joyous . watch expenses , however . in december someone else 's need may inspire you to help and make improvements for yourself . a sudden change at work in january do not have to take you by surprise . private dreams and shared aspirations make for a loving last month ! $ let your inner child rise a bit closer to the surface and have a creative , playful , and productive year ! in april be ambitious , practical , and inventive . respect those daily chores , keep to that budget , and find some wiggle room in may for a personal treat . be diligent and motivated , and be prepared for a burst of good luck , opportunities , and fun in august . continue working hard on what you love without neglecting what else needs to be done . watch for another big opportunity in december to help others as well as yourself . challenges , easy solutions , and great support and love carry you through the year ! $ stay focused , take good care of yourself , and make tremendous progress ! a big surprise could be around any corner , especially in april , and you might spring some of them yourself . be energetic but do not go wild . pace yourself and finish the year strong . slow down a bit , but do not slack off in your efforts in may . august and september are lucky , fun , and comforting . eat well , rest , and be healthy . in december spend time on behalf of others or some cause and see gains of many kinds . be smart , pragmatic , popular , and compassionate in the following months . great love follows you ! $ it 's your year to feel great about yourself and all the little things that are going right . some of those little things are quite big . think - and act - outside the box the first month and have the energy to work harder for yourself . enjoy more comfort and beauty in daily life in may . keep working steadily , too . august brings great summer fun and some favorite activities . be helpful in december , perhaps by solving a friend 's problem . be ready for an opportunity at work in january . in february and march dream of love and you 'll find it all around you ! $ your feet are firmly on the ground , and taking care of business has never been so easy or gratifying ! april and may are busy with surprises and extra work that brings you more and better things . stay focused and enjoy a party atmosphere all august long . your health and daily routine are important in september . be good to yourself . what looks like a delay in december is really a pause so you can get things right . a change at work could be good for you in january . keep your dreams alive in february and let love come to you . it 's a sparkling year ! $ make many new contacts this year . they may be modest and temporary , but one or two could stick and benefit you for a long time . you might be adventurous in april and may , but you 'll be surrounded by sensible , grounded people . learn from them . may and june are energetic times , and you could eat and spend more than you intend , so pay attention . august holds more fun times . slow down and be health conscious in september . be methodical in december and focused at work in january . it 's a busy , productive year , with a dreamy dose of love in the closing month ! $ passions run high this year and love touches everything you do . do more things that you love with the people you love . april and may are full of mischievous fun with casual friends , but august could bring more serious and more generous ( or more expensive ) company . romance and the emotional stakes get higher in september . keep your daily life together and be calmer in november and december . do not overreact if an unexpected change happens at work in january . you could be the answer to someone else 's dream in february and march . be honest and compassionate . there 's plenty of passion in the air ! $ are you looking for romance ? well , it 's looking for you ! this is your year to be lucky in love . if you 're already happily with a partner , that happiness will increase . the first two months you may be busy with work , perhaps fitting into a new role or position . june has rewards you 've been waiting for if you 've been working hard . july and august are summer party time . do not get run down with all the fun . your partner will bring much happiness your way in september . be clear about what 's illusion in december . by february you 'll know if all this love is real . $ love is your secret superpower this year , so use it wisely ! you may crave change and excitement in the first two months , but you will not chase off anyone if you do not go overboard . you might even attract a more exciting partner . be safe and practical . keep your diet and budget under control in june . people will be generous and fun loving in august . watch diet and budget now , too . in october your heart may thrill to a new love interest or your current flame could burn more brightly ! be rock solid for someone in december . the last two months could be the the most dreamy ! $ you 'll never be led astray this year if you calmly listen to your heart . calmness could be your biggest challenge . you 're brimming with energy , ambition , and desire for all good things . you may earn several of them in may and june . work hard and do not burn out . share good times and good fortune with friends new and old in august . mind those expenses , though . a beautiful , bright love shines on you in october , perhaps with a touch of childhood or loves past . december is more serious . go slowly and you can accomplish a lot . love your way through the whole year ! $ be solid and successful all year long ! you 're full of energy and want to do everything yourself , especially in the first few months . settle down in june and work hard for those few things that mean the most to you . money should be good if you do not overspend . august is also full of promise , popularity , and fun . work calmly for the next few months and by december you 'll be prepared for a lucky break . stay calm , be methodical , and accomplish a great deal for someone else and yourself . dream of fresh , new love and it will be there for you before the year ends ! $ be powerful and set a good example without even trying . give calm consideration to all you do , especially in the first month , and easily deal with problems that would have been hard before . no one can rush you during may , mostly because no one can keep up with you ! be energetic and acquire some lovely new things in june . work sensibly and enjoy a fun , frivolous august . perhaps receive a reward from a grateful group in december . you 're earning great respect , too . do not be perturbed by anything at work in january . the last two months are rich in wisdom and love ! $ it 's second nature to be practical and productive this year ! if you 've been thinking about changing careers or want to start your own venture , it could be possible now . have great new ideas in the first month . write them down and be ready to jump in when energy is highest in may and june . be charming and attract success in june . keep working hard and meeting those obligations , however . august is made for fun and relaxation . work comes into sharp focus in late december and january . brace for a big change or opportunity . love springs to mind and rocks your heart in february and beyond ! $ it 's your time to be the star at work or in public ! no one works harder than you , no matter how you feel . intuition guides you in april . get pragmatic and work hard in may and june . you may want a more gracious lifestyle in june , and your hard work will pay off . be responsible through the summer and enjoy great fun in august . your tastes may get more conservative and you may save more in early december . a splendid advance at work is possible in late january if you 're motivated . great love in the spring could be the best surprise of all ! $ excel at work and secure what you need to succeed . if not wildly ambitious , there are still wonderful things you want to do . start in april and may to work hard with strong , smart plans behind you . your charming nature can also bring you success in june . be practical and responsible through the summer and enjoy fun , comfort , and popularity in august . keep expenses reasonable . be patient and make wise decisions in december . january and february are yours to shine in public and the workplace , so look and do your best . sweet dreams and tender love come your way by spring ! $ express yourself well with large groups of people and improve daily life for yourself and many others . be smart , motivated , and active in the first two months . being sociable and charming may result in more support and maybe even income in june . be responsible , attend to daily details , and lighten up with friends and family in august . in early december be helpful and modest and earn respect . a sudden change at work could give you more opportunities , so be calm and practical . step into a dreamy love in february and march . friends and lovers fill your time and heart all year long ! $ you can be a great people person this year and still stay as objective and private as you please . people want to work with and be with you , and all this social contact will be good for you . be clever and energetic on your own behalf in april and may . get caught up on anything that 's been delayed or left unattended . june is a charmed and charming time . be very popular in august . work hard in december . be ready if a work opportunity arises in january . in february a social partner could become much more , with a surprising and strong love ! $ feel deeply connected to many people this year and do your best work by keeping private most of your sympathies and activities . love , not praise or popularity , is what it 's all about . you 're naturally practical and smart , and you 're motivated to do all you can and then some . have a schedule and meet deadlines easily in april and may . june is more comfortable but just as busy . august is full of amusing company . december is busy , but that 's how you like it . shine in public and relax in private in january . february is intense , emotional , and love filled . it 's a powerful year ! $ learn from every twist and turn in this busy , brilliant year ! be active with friends new and old . think practically about everyday affairs , especially in the first two months , and have more energy to keep your daily life in good order . in june be sociable and perhaps receive a gift you may want to share or pass along . august is full of summer comfort and contentment . stay organized and responsible and be ready to work hard in december . a sudden demand at work brings opportunities in january . be busy , productive , well connected , loved , and understood in february . launch your own surprise at year 's end ! $ the world may try to keep you busy , but it will not be able to compete with your inner life . make many self - discoveries to help you later in the year . pay attention to your dreams . be smart and energetic in april and may and easily meet expectations . work hard and be provided with more than you need in june . july and august are pure fun . december and january are more serious and perhaps more satisfying . be more noticed at work or in public in late january . then become more introverted in february and enjoy peaceful times with treasured friends . let love fill the hours ! $ come out of your shell in a big way this year ! if you 're already outgoing , your reach will be greatly extended . you have fantastic energy and drive , especially in the first few months . be focused , get a lot done , and make some lovely additions to your wardrobe and home in june . pay attention to spending and then enjoy a fun , relaxing august . be persistent in your work efforts and benefit in december . a big change may come in late january , but you 'll be ready . the following months are full of company , friends , and love . just ask if you need or want anything ( or anyone ) special ! $ make the most of every day this year and do not look back ! no one can stop you if you know what you want and where you 're going . all your aims and ambitions will be practical , and you 'll be sharp and clear - minded in the first month . work hard and achieve a lot . enjoy june , but do not let down your efforts to be successful . august holds pleasant surprises - all in fun . december may be less frivolous but more rewarding . be serious and succeed . a big change in late january can be good for you . be sensitive and get rewarded with love in the following months ! $ your popularity soars and so does your productivity this year . you know what you want , how to get it , and how you want to share it all . head and heart work well together , especially in the first month , so do not wait . hard work and persistence will pay off by june , although maybe not instantly . relax with family , friends , and kindred spirits in august . be diligent and value yourself in december . step up and face an important challenge in january . dreams and aspirations take over in february . love may come out of nowhere in the final months . what a spectacular year ! $ thoughts turn to a more upscale lifestyle , fashion , and better income this year . get lots of good ideas from friends thinking the same way . work together and support one another , especially in the first two months when energy and sharp thinking are at their peak . june is lucky and lovely . face any obstacles head - on and see great progress . august is fun but could get expensive , so pay attention . be a dynamo at work in january . competition is fine , but antagonism less so . watch that temper . be more tender and touchable in february and march . love is there for you all year ! $ charm and be charmed all year long ! no one will be able to resist you , and there may be times when you 're also unable to say no . your thinking is sharpest in april and may . be charming and sexy in june no matter how hard you 're working . if gifts come your way , watch for attached strings before accepting . be gracious , regardless . have fun close to home in august without spending a fortune . enjoy the calmness of a sensible partner in december . be smart and ambitious in january and go far . the rest of the year is busy with even more affection and love ! $ friends and neighbors are there for you , no matter how complicated things get this year . things look simple at first , but your thinking is clearest . keep this focus . a lovely temptation in june may show you how small interruptions can slow things down . stay focused and near home in july . keep plans simple and keep up with daily chores and bills . it will not be hard . have happy times with relatives in august . an old love may sweetly reappear in december . work heats up in january , but you 'll be ready . february and the rest of the year are full of compassion and love ! $ starting and finishing go together for you this year . break free to start something new and exciting while you easily tie up loose ends . be smart and dedicated to work that matters , especially in may , and waste no time , effort , or energy . friends support you and no one can hold you back . conclude something big in july . relax with friends and family in august . you may want to spend more time on your own in december . be busy with work and being excellent in january . share dreams and fun times with more friends in february . unexpected love is everywhere in the final months ! $ family could be very important this year , perhaps living relatives , but it might be family history , roots , or hometown . be hardworking , clever , and have everything you need to accomplish what you want in may . be charming and make appealing changes that better organize your finances . be treated royally at home in august and maybe host a party or two . watch those expenses and get what you pay for . an old partner or lover might want to spoil you in december . a door may open for you at work in january . in february and march be casual , relaxed , and surrounded by love ! $ be lucky all year long . the closer to home you are , the luckier you 'll be . think and work on practical matters in may and perhaps see a working vacation in june . a family or home matter can bring great joy and success in august . your generous spirit will shine and draw more luck . you may crave less glamour and more substance in a relationship in december . a big change near you in january could still broaden your world . in february you may want to do more good for more people . make friends and team up . hot love could surprise you before year 's end ! $ be creative and clever all year and see marvelous things happen ! be pragmatic and focused on the basics of daily life as the year opens and through the first two months . what you achieve now you 'll be able to keep unless a taste for extravagance strikes in june . august glitters with good feeling and great fun with friends and family . watch expenses and exaggerated generosity now . a practical partner or lover touches your heart in december . have a creative , constructive answer if a problem arises at work in january . spend time with sympathetic friends in february , and be relaxed and ready for love ! $ get great pleasure this year from countless little things . small favors , consideration , and kindness will be recognized and appreciated as the big things they really are . be smart and driven to succeed in may . live well and spend less in june . enjoy what may look silly to others in september . if romance feels hyper in december , do what 's comfortable and have your partner tone it down . work hard in january and see something turn around for you . let your dreams run free in february and do more with groups of friends in march . love touches everything at year 's end ! $ inspiring dreams will keep this year going for you , and no foolish dream will slow you down . spend time with practical friends in the first month , have smart suggestions , and be fearless in your ambitions . hold back on luxuries in june and live better for it . be lucky and have fun at home in august . you can rethink and examine any dream if you have doubts in september . a romance could quietly mature in december . take advantage of a change in the workplace in january . the rest of the year is more casual , calm , and cozy . what a sweet year ! $ be healthy , happy , and highly motivated all year long ! work hard for what matters to you and get stronger just from making the effort . be pragmatic and patient in may and june , and do not waste time or money on long shots or questionable schemes . work hard , be responsible , and enjoy a big - hearted , fun - loving august . be straight with a lover in december and clear the air for you both . hard work and success resume in january . thoughts may get fuzzy but feelings are clear in february . be inspired and inspiring and very well loved . it do not get healthier than that ! $ it 's your time for all the little things to click and allow big things to happen ! be energetic early in the year and pull together what you need for more comfort and personal success . after late may it might be hard to think of much else . money could come and go at home in august . take care of details in october and see money and health improve . an old friend or lover supports you in december . a romantic offer or opportunity could come from afar in january . dream big and have fun with friends in february . be your own secret power all year ! $ if you like , you can be part of a group that looks out for one another all year . it will be there when you need help , and you 'll be happy to be of service to others . be practical and smart as the year begins and keep those good ideas coming . be generous with family in august and perhaps receive without asking something you 've desired . simple daily kindness makes october a great month for you . learn something important in january , and risk sharing your aspirations and dreams in february . end the year smarter , more successful , and more admired and appreciated than ever ! $ every little effort and gesture you make will yield big results for you this year ! get more serious about small things and see just how big they are . spend the first few days concerned with making things nicer and more stable for yourself . think calmly and systematically in late may and june . use money wisely in june and july . august is all summer fun , but watch expenses . respect your needs and health in november . an old love could revive in december . february is for fun with lots of friends . it 's an active , tenderhearted year that takes you great places ! $ if love do not rock your world this year , the passion will still be there for something or someone ! your feelings are important , but they do not have to dominate your life . be your most ambitious and clever in the first month and perhaps acquire something special in june . be money smart in august and have a glorious summer close to home . love flashes across your sky in october . make a change in your life goals in january . a dream may come true in february , but at what emotional cost ? the last two months are lively and full of unexpected surprises and affection ! $ it 's the year to be big - hearted and wise about love ! every relationship you 're in will expand and enrich your heart . work hard on practical matters in the first month , save what you can , and perhaps afford something special in june . august is the time for family fun . be generous and receive generosity , too . love gets serious in november . be strong as well as sensitive . find an inspiring role model or example to reignite your ambitions in january . february is the time to deepen casual friendships . you can achieve great things in the last few months , but you will not have to go it alone ! $ other people 's concerns may tug at your heart and keep you busy this year . you have the passion and energy to handle anything . use the first month to get organized and work hard on practical matters . money will be there for you in june if you stick to the budget . summer is when to relax at home and enjoy some big fun ! you may need to help someone in november . just be your responsible self . starting in january work and social life may keep you running for a few months , but a surprising secret love could catch up with you before year 's end ! $ it 's a busy year full of big plans and big energy ! get your schedule organized in the first month and work hard . save a little more , if you can , and see a sweet personal reward before july . august could be busy with summer excitement , but it do not have to be expensive . the end of december could be hectic , but stay focused and do your best for yourself and others . you might have an urge to get away from it all in january . friends - and a special new love - will give you all the affection and rest you need at year 's end ! $ you have everything you need to work hard and make a major change in your life this year . if you 're happy with the status quo , you could find fresh ambition or desire . motivate others with your drive in the first month . think of a new but simple way to take better care of yourself , too . money is reasonable , although you might want to save more . enjoy a fun - filled summer , especially august , and thrill to new amusements . you may meet or learn of someone who inspires you to greater heights in january . be popular in february and well loved all year long ! $ you 'll have many chances to excel at work and in public this year . there 's no point in trying to hide or downplay your achievements . be practical , smart , and responsible , especially in the first month , and have a firm foundation for the rest of the year . in june enjoy a private treat that adds elegance . watch expenses , though . enjoy some intellectual fun in july and august . romantic memories could be strong in november . pursue a passion in january and have it pay for itself . make deeper emotional bonds with friends in february . love and happy surprises will fill your days by spring ! $ career and public presence could be this year 's highlights ! it will not be for purely selfish gain , however . start the year motivated to work hard on whatever you love that has the best chance for success . clever , practical ideas prove helpful later . friends and family enjoy your company and are generous in august . treasure old partners in november and perhaps feel wistful about an old love . in january and february step up and provide well for yourself and some others , too . friends give you comfort and amusement the rest of the year . a surprising ( and generous ) new love could appear in spring ! $ you can make your career glow with success this year or you can make a shift to something new ! you are most practical and solid in the first month . you can get inside people 's heads , too . keep the cash flow balanced and maybe acquire a small desired item in june . enjoy some pleasant but inexpensive summer fun with family in august . romance gets nostalgic in november . prepare for a possible big change at work in january . february is big , so look and do your best . relax with friends afterward and let some surprises make you smile . love is not far behind ! $ share many happy dreams with friends this year and see some of them come true ! you express yourself well , especially early in the year , with enough clever , useful ideas to last all year . be diligent about basic work and money , and lighten up with friends and family in the summer . people really want to be with you . an old flame could cross your mind and path in november . get motivated about something new in january . february lights up your social scene . allow friends their fantasies . you may turn a new head and be surprised by a secret love in the spring ! $ it 's a great year to make new friends and widen your social circle ! there could be some reshuffling of faces , all to everybody 's increased happiness . you are more interested in your own work and appearance in may and june and this will pay off later . brainstorm , particularly about finances , with a trusted friend and maybe family in june and july . enjoy a cozy august at home . entertain and be entertained . a love interest in november might want to move faster than you 'd like . be clear and see how it goes . february shines with friends , dreams , happiness , and maybe a great new love , too ! $ take the lead with your friends and do many of your favorite things with your favorite people this year ! you 're full of ambition and bright new ideas in june . with steady work you can make more progress than ever . august could bring you gifts and flattery from friends and family . the opinions of an old love may sound less important in november . keep a calm heart and steady head . february and march buzz with happy - if silly - fun with friends . enjoy yourself and feel part of a bigger whole . april twinkles with big - hearted concern and love , all coming your way ! $ surprise yourself all year with brilliant ideas and big plans that only you can make happen ! you will not overreach yourself or run short of energy . you 're responsible and dependable and should see solid progress in the first month . pay attention to budget , save a bit more , and enjoy a relaxing , glamorous august . you might get involved in a more mature business or romantic relationship in november . excitement will not be lacking . you may take a more spiritual turn in february and desire more love in your daily life . stay realistic and then follow your bliss . be brilliant in april and attract tremendous love ! $ it could be a busy year , but you can step out of the fray any time . whenever you need peace and quiet , it 's yours . be energetic and sharp minded , especially in may and june , and work hard toward financial goals . an impulse purchase in july do not have to set you too far back . just pay attention . be playful and happy at home in august and september . work diligently and be your responsible self for the next few months . a tender , romantic november awaits you . be busy with friends in february . watch for a private surprise or two at year 's end ! $ a secret desire for something special could motivate you this year . or it might be time for you to make private plans for a nicer lifestyle . be ambitious and busy in the first few months and perhaps create a financial opportunity . enjoy more luxury time with friends and family in july and august . try not to spend away whatever you gain . be sensible in love in november and feel appreciated . a startling new idea or project could distract you in january . friends may inspire you in february . the last two months are bubbling with fun and affection . make great advances this year ! $ reinvent yourself this year and be a smarter , sharper you ! take the first month and decide what things are most important for you to do and have . then get ambitious . you could see some charming results by july . relax and let family and friends entertain you in august . stay motivated and make steady progress in the next several months . be wise in matters of love in november . something ( or someone ) exotic and exciting may catch your eye in january . be inspired in february and move in a sweeter social circle . the last few months are busy with pleasant and profitable surprises ! $ be at your sharpest , cleverest , and most entertaining all year ! everything you say will sound witty to others , and you 'll be able to reason to the end of things before people have described everything . use these skills to great benefit in the first few months . you know to not be a showoff or bore , especially in july . enjoy special big fun in august , and graciously and fairly spread any expense . what you used to need in a romance may become important to you again in november . enjoy a beautiful , cultured february with friends . love holds more surprises at year 's end ! $ this year you may get more interested in money and the nice things it makes possible . cleverness and get - rich - quick schemes will not deceive you . you may discover some sound , practical ideas in the first couple months . hard work matters , too , and you may deserve a small private treat by july . share good times with family and friends in august . you might want to host a party or summer event . a quiet romance could find you in november . stay low - key and let things take care of themselves . friends and the social scene come to life in the remaining months , including much love ! $ charm and elegance are yours this year . you 're smart . you know that life is more than money and material comforts , but you do not discount their importance . be highly motivated all year and achieve a lot early on with what feels like little effort . work diligently and maybe celebrate in august , perhaps on vacation . a friendship could become a serious romance in november . deal promptly with any perceived crisis in january and see quick , easy resolutions . amuse yourself with dreams of luxury in february . friends and lovers are there for you , sometimes surprising you in the last two months ! $ friends and the joys of local life make this year sparkle for you . you can think globally and then enjoy the richness of the world near at hand . be ambitious and driven to succeed , especially in the first two months . settle into a sustainable routine and you 'll improve your position and income by july . august is when to kick back and have fun , and perhaps make some useful social and career contacts . networking never stops . an overlooked admirer could appear in november . if bored or disillusioned by a social group , you do not need to stay . a nearby love could surprise you at year 's end ! $ be the bright star with your family and friends this year ! you could also put down strong roots with someone important in your daily life . a light touch and clever , chatty personality in the first month will bring opportunity later . work undisturbed and make great progress before august , when friends and family capture your attention . be practical and accomplish what you need to in the next few months and be ready for a strong but subtle love interest in november . a fond fantasy may dissolve in february . love and friendship are abundant and strong in the last months ! $ family and home are powerful forces for you this year . have a clear , practical vision and see through several fantasies that may have held you back . watch expenses in july . you do not need to envy anyone . august and september are on fire with pleasure , amusement , and basic good sense . slow down socially - but not at work - in november . take good care of yourself - you 're worth it ! what looks like an opportunity at work in february may not be . be politely cautious and nonconfrontational . a lively social life in the last months can bring relief , pleasant surprises , and sweet affection ! $ family affairs and daily routines are smooth and natural this year . others may sometimes see problems and chaos , but you will not . buzz with energy and have an answer for everything that matters . you may want to think a bit , but the answer will be there in the end . the first two months could be the busiest and most challenging , but you 're up to it . take your home situation ( and budget ) in hand in august and september and make it exactly the way you want . have fun , too . pace yourself in november , and work through a misconception in february . love and be loved all year ! $ find countless pleasures in daily life and have a great time all year ! you 're full of energy , so nothing and no one can rain on your parade . be smart and sensible in the first few months and calmly work hard to further yourself . see better income and steady progress before july . be lucky and feel rich at home in august . in september be more young at heart and enjoy things more . be healthy in november and poised to handle any problem in january . dispel a cherished dream at work in february and move forward . surprising love and friendship round out a great year ! $ be creative and cheerful and see big success this year ! you can be playful and practical at the same time . you can go places fast with your high energy and motivation . no one can keep up with your keen mind in the first month . work hard on what you know works well and make great progress before july . be lucky and generous at home in august and enjoy some of your success . attend to details in november and do not overlook anything important . be inspired by co - workers in february and inspire them , too . bask in love from a surprising direction in the closing months ! $ your inner child will have a lot of playmates this year ! if not usually a people person , you 'll be glad for the people in your life now . be ambitious , energetic , and willing to try new things in the first few months . work hard in the coming months and see success and satisfaction . a home matter has a happy and lucky outcome in august . enjoy fun and friendship in late september . stay happy in november and do not get discouraged by anything . a situation at work in february could be deceiving . when in doubt , ask questions and go slowly . you 're loved all year long ! $ the pleasure of good partners and teammates will make this a happy , powerful year ! early on think carefully about where you are and where you 're headed , then work hard and be ambitious . the home budget may grow in july as you see progress . be very lucky in august and attract more luck for your home environment . do not remodel yet , though . september and october are times to luxuriate in doing what you love with people you love . in february you may recognize that a previous opinion came from a false impression . it 's easy to fix things . april is yours for fun and fantastic love ! $ get passionate about your daily routine and take good care of yourself all year ! this is not selfish - it 's simply smart . think clearly and quickly in the first month and be motivated to improve your personal and professional appearance . stay ambitious and make great progress , especially in july when your good money instincts kick in . if friends keep you too busy in august , you can bow out once in a while . no one will mind . be healthy and content in late october , and know that your good habits will stick . friends and a fresh new love carry you through the year ! $ a busy year will keep you juggling the big things and the little . you decide which are which . you think before you act , which is good when you have so much raw energy . be intent on getting ahead in the first two months and see great advancement just be being smart and practical . friends and family share your happiness in july and august . you 're good with money without being overly frugal . you know how to spend what 's needed , especially in november and january . be brilliant and impress family , friends , a special someone , and yourself in the last few months ! $ see deep into the heart of situations this year and get control . big things become little and manageable in your hands . energy and sharp wit are yours all year long . be on the same page with all your friends in july . family and neighbors may surprise you in august . it will be loving , generous , and good . november could be your most successful month , although it may not feel like anything special at the time . do your work and be responsible and brilliant . if the day job gets emotional in february , stay calm and let it pass . it 's a busy , love - filled year ! $ you 're ready to get more serious about the work you love . you may not care if it takes you far , but it probably will ! have a million great ideas in the first month , and be a good judge of which ones may succeed . a friend could test your patience in july and august , but everyone will want to be big - hearted and have fun . work calmly through the summer and fall . an intimidating challenge is really an opportunity in november . give yourself a chance . get inspired on the job in february . social life heats up happily in april . have a sexy , popular time ! $ friends and admiring people surround you this year , so smile and let them bask in your warm company ! seriously , you have a passion for life that attracts others . you may be too busy with cleverness and fun ( and success ) in the first month , but by july all that affection will catch up with you . you will not neglect any daily obligations , despite all the people in your life . love finds you and brings romance to your door in december . march and april may hold more love - filled surprises if you can slow down enough to notice . work hard and play harder . it 's a sizzling year ! $ yes , these are complicated times . you 're being more successful and achieving more than you realize , so relax more and stress less . you 're the smartest person in the room , especially in the first month . stay cool , work diligently , and reap rewards and praise in august . you can pretend surprise . friends make the daily grind more fun in november . other people may keep you busy in january . do what you can , but remember your obligations . find fresh ambition in february . march and april are for good times and relaxation . fresh new love could be in the mix , too . have a great year ! $ your intensity might scare away a few people this year , but the right ones will stay . inventiveness and generosity may be your two greatest gifts , so pay attention and do not let them carry you away , especially in the first three months . august ignites with popularity and maybe expensive fun . be sensible . settle down for a few months and see some intense success at work in november . january could be the most intense , but with other people 's drama , not yours . inspire someone in february . your social life gets hot and heavy in april . relax with a sweet special someone in the final months ! $ you always have the big picture in view and know what to do when ! you may not pay much attention to others , but you inspire them . be most energetic in the first month . friends keep you hopping and happy in july . surprise yourself in a big way in august . do good things with it . catch up with some older friends in november . learn and try new things with new people in new places in late january . be realistic and responsible but open to the future . friends and love return in a big way in the last few months . what a charmed and charming year ! $ be at the top of your game without any extreme extra effort all year long . you 're bubbling over with energy and motivation , especially early on , and people want to respond well to what you 're doing . friends relate to what you have to say in july . there 's great summer fun coming in august . friends may pitch in and help with some routine errands . return the favors when you can . february is bright with new useful lessons and opportunities . do not fall for a false impression at work later in february . relax with some fun and romance in april and all the following months ! $ career dreams and plans come together this year if you 're smart and persistent . you 're motivated , especially in the first month . stay organized and stick with what works . friends may have suggestions or share dreams in late july . relax , talk , and listen . feel big - hearted in august and maybe pleasantly surprise someone whose spirits need a lift . be more cautious and spend less in november . attention turns to work and career possibilities in february . tend those personal dreams and plans , but do not jump unless you 're sure the offer is real . love makes a quiet approach at year 's end ! $ do work you love , help others , and help yourself greatly , too ! if you are not in your dream job , this may not be the perfect time to find it , but it can be the perfect time to clearly see what it will be . be patient and practical . surprising opportunities and chance meetings abound in june and july . be conspicuous and inspiring and widen your network . friends are there for you in july and august . relax and let them be generous . be consistent as time goes by and gain insight in february . unexpected new love and friendship appear in the last few months . embrace it all ! $ the year bristles with excitement , new friends , and social scenes . be bold and meet some great new people . attract new friends and business associates with your powerful energy and ambition in the first month . be steady with money and responsibilities and win admiration in july . be generous , fun - loving , and lucky in august , but do not overextend yourself . november is calmer . catch up with old friends . march and april are brimming with people , surprises , and fun . do not burn out or burn through the budget with all the good times . a secret , smarter love approaches you at year 's end . it 's a sizzling , sweet year ! $ you 're exciting and in demand this year , so spend more time with more people . it may look like you 're concentrating on everybody else , but by year 's end you 'll see that it was all about you . have fun , connect , and make progress , especially in the first month . you have energy and ambition to burn . time with friends in july will be helpful and productive . august is also a social time - everyone wants to be generous . in november rethink a decision you made a few months ago and be satisfied with your final choice . friends , and a warm , familiar love , surround you in april ! $ set your sights on a personal goal this year . do not be afraid to reach for the stars . be ambitious and inventive , especially early on , and have the support of friends and family . have solid plans and be steady and sensible in your efforts . talk with friends and get advice in july , but use your own ideas . august is rich with summer fun . watch your expenses and then enjoy ! be smart about good health in november and december . april is busy with friends new and old , as well as mischievous pleasure . some of it may be flirtatious , too . it 's an accomplished , warm - hearted year ! $ you know what you want and how to get it this year ! you may not get everything instantly , but you know how to make it happen . cleverness and energy are gifts that serve you well , particularly in the first few months . be quietly productive and responsible . a friend may have some good ideas for you in july . some unexpected good luck may find you while you 're busy having fun with family in august . reevaluate your position in november , and do not be too self - critical . you 're doing well . in april and may relax with friends and perhaps a loving admirer who finally speaks up ! $ secret desires and private thoughts keep you motivated all year . with your energy and spirit , there 's no limit to what you can make happen . work hard , possibly with friends , in the early months and make tremendous progress . stay realistic about money and daily chores , and be ready for fun and relaxation in august . enjoy quiet but intense times with friends . with family , be more outgoing and fun - loving . take good care of yourself in november - eat and rest well . trust your own judgment and instincts at work in february . confide a few secrets to that special someone before year 's end ! $ you have endless great ideas , plans , and energy for the future ! a few of those plans may catch fire and take you far this year . be practical and patient as well as ambitious and creative . you can do it all , especially in june and july . in august something a friend says in private may suddenly click and work out for you in public . some unexpected summer fun later in august could lead to someone being generous . say thank you . look for inspiration , but do not daydream at work in february . in may and june get ready for some romantic insights and possibly passionate love ! $ you 're on fire this year and nothing will slow you down . if you can feel driven without getting impulsive or impatient , you 'll accomplish whatever your heart desires . be independent in the first couple of months , then reach out and relax with friends in july and august . people will be eager to hear what you 've been doing . there may also be fun with family or an unexpected visit from an old friend . a slight misunderstanding at work in february could turn out favorably . be realistic and gracious . from april until year 's end be surrounded by loving friends and rich , friendly love ! $ assert yourself and clearly see who you are and what you want to be . nothing can distract you from what is right or best for you . be motivated and full of energy , particularly in the first few months . relax with friends and family in the summer , mostly in august , and see how much you 're admired and loved . in january if a love interest questions something that you know is right for you , just be true to yourself . be more sensitive and effective at work in february . unexpected happiness comes from friends and that special someone in the closing months ! $ money may attract more attention this year . you 're practical and smart , so struggle less with any pressure to provide for yourself and loved ones . you 're full of energy and motivation , so stress less and simply tend to business . take a break in august and let friends pamper you a bit . it makes them happy to see you happy . a partner may suddenly disagree with you in january , or perhaps a new partner will appear with different ideas . listen politely , but trust your own judgment . find inspiration in your work in february . be unexpectedly lucky with friends in april . love is yours all year ! $ you can strike that sweet balance between material wealth and emotional wealth and make progress in both realms . be shrewd and sensitive in the first two months and see your determination pay off by july . if you yearn for luxury , be conservative and modest in your aims . august could get extravagant , so watch the budget and then let the universe , friends , and family be generous . you 're lucky all summer . be an inspiration at work in february , and gain insight into what motivates people . long - distance friends are your good luck in april . be wrapped in love all year long ! $ be popular and lucky all year long ! you radiate charm and people simply want to be with you . they like doing favors for you , too . quietly attend to business in the first couple months and then enjoy all good things in august . let friends surprise you with their generosity . be generous in return . extravagance is not required . remember to take care of your health in november and december . be conspicuous and encouraging at work in february . this will serve you well later . make some new friends in april , and find some hot new love before the year ends ! $ your best luck and greatest treasures will come from people and places close to home this year . people work smoothly with you , and your enthusiasm and energy will find lots of constructive projects in the first two months . be respectful of your money and have more than enough . august is pleasant and september absolutely joyous with social and family events . no need to run wild or be extravagant . everyone is feeling generous and loving . respect any health concerns in november and let go of any regrets . in february aspire to something more for the future at work . it 's an ambitious , affectionate year ! $ ambitious dreams for tomorrow have their roots at home today ! you have resources and a good foundation to make this a powerful , successful year . get your thoughts organized and use your strong instincts to make the most of the opening months . financial progress can be steady , if slow , with more than enough for a splendid summer . parties and big local meet - ups are likelier than a distant vacation . let friends make suggestions and surprise you with their plans . be safety conscious in november . have bigger career dreams in february . you know that good things take time . welcome love 's sweet embrace all year long ! $ energy and enthusiasm are at an all - time high and confusion and doubt are low ! work hard and accomplish your dreams . in the first two months be pragmatic and a bit protective of what you already have . make progress and gain more without getting manic or greedy . relax and recharge your emotional batteries with friends and family in summer . august is especially rich and happy . love may knock on your door in september , and it will not be shy . speak and act wisely in public in february . people are hanging on your every word . after april , slow down and unwind at home with loved ones ! $ look forward to peaceful times , great luck , and happy people this year . if they 're unhappy when you encounter them , they will not be after spending time with you . you have the touch that calms and soothes the most anxious and agitated . that includes you , so relax and feel secure . the first two months are smooth , if busy . simply tend to business as usual and be responsible . august is about fun and surprises , mostly from friends . enjoy the playfulness . be good to yourself in november , and be inspired and inspirational in february . notice who admires you in may . love conquers all in the final month ! $ find surprising solutions to stubborn old problems this year . you 're well anchored in the real world and comfortable with yourself no matter what 's happening . the first few months look calm and good for making some personal progress , especially at home . august bristles with fun , silliness , and generosity . you may want more peace and quiet in september , but it will not be boring . if a romance starts to feel like work , express this and see what might be changed . dream of far - off places and adventures in february . april gets socially exciting - you might rock a few boats . passion burns through any obstacles at year 's end ! $ this is your time for more fun , creativity , and self - expression ! your inner child will be very near the surface all year long , so choose wisely when it 's appropriate to act out . be responsible and methodical early in the year and build yourself a good base . august is full of fun and frivolity . friends and family will insist on it , anyway . october may be your most creative time and also the riskiest for possibly upsetting or offending someone . your good instincts can keep this under control . enjoy a mental getaway in february . the rest of the year is quiet , productive , loving , and - yes - fun ! $ be creative and socially gracious , and let those excess emotions do good things ! feelings may be high all year , so channel them into positive outlets . be steady and sensible in dealing with daily life , especially in the first few months , and do well all the rest of the year . decompress and celebrate with friends and family in august . if they want to do this in a big way , respect your budget . get creative and daring in november . be spirited and sensible . dreams and aspirations for the future get big in february . social life ignites in april . be treasured all year long ! $ be creative and inspired , follow your heart , and do not look back ! good instincts and intuition will keep you productive and progressing , especially in the first few months . positive criticism sometimes might help you improve things , but negative criticism ? not so much . you have a passion for people and all good things , so enjoy a festive august ( without blowing the budget ) , and treasure all that heartfelt fun with friends and family . do your best for yourself in november . be sensitive and inspired in february . be enthusiastic and inventive at work in april . there are benefits to come . love is in the air all year ! $ take care of the details , take care of yourself , and have a bold , productive year ! it frees up time and energy for more of what you love . enjoy your daily routine and be well organized , particularly early in the year . august means fun and adventure with friends and family - and you will not travel far . november and december may be busy . if some doubts and discouragement appear , they 'll turn out to be illusions . have faith in yourself and do not let anything slow you down . be bold and smart at work in april . intuition and love burn brightly , especially in the closing months ! $ you have endless passion for work and people this year . you 're surrounded by more help and resources than you suspect . just start the conversation . your ideas and efforts are noticed by many , and your hard work could earn more income before august . welcome the unexpected . be generous and receive much from friends and family in august . you 're luckiest and most charming now . luck and charm stay with you , peaking again in december . small rewards and advantages can quickly add up to something big and beautiful . april is your power month , too . passion and your big , tender heart serve you well all year ! $ be your own best friend and be healthy and happy all year long ! friends and family will encourage you to take better care of yourself and make it easier . see benefits in august when your energy increases and smart decisions can bring more income . have fun all summer , and be generous without spending more than needed . feel more creative in november , but let those bright ideas simmer . take good care of yourself in late december , and do not overdo the holiday eating and partying . love could surprise you in january . pleasant surprises at work in april may pay off big for months to come ! $ love draws you out this year and it could be hard to satisfy all your feelings . be aware that your dream love could find you . you shine with energy and inspiration and this can bring many people your way . enjoy the exposure and popularity . private conversations and networking could bring money your way in august . have fun , but watch expenses . december and january are emotional , sensitive times when you 'll need your partner to work with you . keep anxieties under control and then listen to your heart . work hard in march and april and win rewards and recognition . it 's an ambitious , affectionate year ! $ sweet , soothing love finds you in a year when romance could solve more problems than it causes . have good , clear discussions ( mostly about money ) and sizzle with popularity in august . agree on what constitutes relaxing fun and then relax into november . a challenge or disagreement in january could stress a relationship , but there 's a solution if you both want to work for it . ideally , you want everybody to be happy . a spiritual insight or breakthrough could heal your heart in february . extra incentive at work in april can be very profitable in coming months . you 're advancing in all the ways that count this year ! $ you see answers for other people 's problems and gain great insight into solving your own . easily and happily fix some daily concerns - often money related - that have annoyed you for a while . summer fun could get expensive in august if you do not pay attention to your budget . you can do it and still feel like royalty . your mood may sag briefly in november . a totally unexpected show of love in january is a major pick - me - up . get joyful and inspired in february . a change at work in april is another big boost for your prestige and finances . it 's a brilliant , beautiful year ! $ have big plans , big ideas , and big dreams ! there 's all the energy you need . be realistic in your approach and see what you can make happen . august is loving and luxurious without any need to overspend . the whole summer is made for fun . enjoy quiet time in november and politely ignore any meaningless criticism . a big love ( not necessarily a person ) could come or go in january , or perhaps it 's simply a shift in the romance lineup . working for a good cause touches your heart in february . be daring but not reckless at work in april and gain respect and rewards . have a magnificent year ! $ dreams can come to life this year ! make the best use of your almost endless energy and enthusiasm , turn any challenge or sudden change to your favor , and work wonders . be popular and attract good luck and possibly money in august . have fun , but respect your budget . be patient in november and get countless creative great ideas for later . a major change in a partnership or love interest could happen in january . a strong heart and clear head will assure that all is right . be inspired and uplifted in february . be bold , not wild , at work in april . have a dynamic , dream - filled year ! $ be popular , prominent , and do great things this year ! you 'll be highly visible and people will hear what you say . just relax and be your normal , goodhearted self . august is party time , but you can keep things under control . watch your expenses , respect your resources , and see people respect you . by november you may have second thoughts about the summer , but do not look back with regret . be safe and healthy in january . spiritual insights may come in early march . march and april are powerful times at work , so do your best and benefit for a long time to come . have a glorious year ! $ work hard and make tremendous progress with any career plans . you 'll be more visible socially and in the public eye , too . there 's more than enough energy and motivation for you to make this a great year . attract money and widen your networking circle in august and have some big fun . if you overspend in august , you may rein in expenses in november . do not be too severe . be proactive about health in january . remember some big dreams in march . do a lot at work in april , but you may face some opposition . be gracious but firm , bold but not confrontational . it 's a powerful year ! $ put your own agenda and well - being first and be tireless this year ! succeed big and have more to share and give back . feel charmed and lucky in august , and be surprised by everyone 's generosity . make some time in november to work hard on a private passion . be more health and safety conscious in january . an unlikely dream may start to make more sense in march . april is the time to focus on career plans . be solid , practical , and bold in your efforts . more authority and profit could find you in the coming months . be smart , ambitious , loved , and admired all year ! $ enjoy the social good life in big and small ways this year ! you can participate in more groups and social circles without exhausting yourself or your resources . look forward to lots of party invitations and summer gatherings in august . pay your share , but do not be overgenerous . concentrate on what works best in november . respect health and daily obligations in january . a spiritual insight in march could catch fire in your imagination . a generous act from august could bring you a lucky break at work in april . you and your friends come together for extra pleasure and happiness in may . be loved all year ! $ have many good times with friends and learn ways to improve your material well - being and finances as the year goes on . friends can a guiding force if expenses get unreasonable in august . organize your thoughts in november and enjoy more low - key personal pleasures . be wise and reasonable about health , diet , and safety in january . work steadily and in march learn a deep and happy lesson that makes you better and more effective . be innovative at work in april . social life picks up in may . there may be a few minor clashes , but with good resolutions for all . be surrounded by comfort and friends all year ! $ be popular , mentally sharp , and keenly observant all this year ! you 'll also have a lot to say , though you may want to save it for a trusted few . august holds high summer fun and a few surprises . just be careful about costs and spending . slow down , enjoy more private quality time in november , and do not let a friend 's emotional ups and downs upset you . be safety conscious in january . you may solve a sticky and important dilemma in march . a surprise at work in april can be beneficial later . lighthearted social fun offers relief in june . it 's a loving , enlightening year ! $ people confide in you this year , and you have a lot of confidential advice to share . people enjoy your company , and you may be very busy when the competing invitations arrive in august . do not overspend or over - party . respect your budget and gain more financial respect and trust in november . enjoy some creative , quiet time , too . guard against burnout or exhaustion in january . in march be even more inspired and motivated to go and do what you love . be inventive and productive at work in april . the right people will notice . the final month is packed with sparkling talk , great enthusiasm , and tremendous affection ! $ you may crave a more ideal connection with the people and things you love best . traditions touch your heart and enrich your life every day . be sensitive to the needs of friends in august and celebrate summer festivities with family . respect your budget and money will create no problem . work diligently and enjoy a calm , creative november . take good care of yourself in january and avoid anything risky or reckless . an aspiration becomes reasonable and possible in march . a bold action at work can be well received in april . the last month brings much happiness with clever , ambitious friends and tender love ! $ be privately ambitious and wisely choose when , where , and how outwardly hard to pursue your goals . success is within your grasp , and with care you can make things happen . august is busy with summer get - togethers that could get expensive if you are not careful . have fun and enjoy seeing people happy . pull back a bit in november and schedule quiet time for yourself . be safe , healthy , and responsive to fixing little problems in january . march brings dreams of happiness and love . outward ambition may kick in for you in april . end the year on many high notes of love , wisdom , and success ! $ you 're the center of a big circle of friends and family , so make sure you remember to be at the center of your own life , too ! take good care of your needs and happiness and be strong and ready for anything . be popular and lucky in august and receive some generous treatment from a surprising source . if some people 's requests seem unreasonable to you in november , trust your judgment and be firm . respect any health needs in january . in april be bold and confident at work even if it makes you uncomfortable for a while . be loved and supported all year ! $ hold your head high all year and find joy in every day ! do more of what pleases you and watch the people around you grow happier . make wise money decisions in august , and be generous with your time and favors . many good things will return to you later . save private time in november for what pleases you . get physically active in january and maybe overhaul your ideas of how to be healthy . it may not be possible to do all you want in march . you do a great deal and get a lot of love , especially intimate love , in the final months ! $ get practical and lucky this year and make great progress with money and material wealth of all sorts ! august is an especially lucky and fun time when people want to be and be seen with you . make contacts that can benefit you later . spend more time on your own pursuits in november , though it may briefly cost you some approval or friendship . be true to you . health and the details of daily life are important in january . take extra good care of yourself . april may be the time to be bold and benefit from earlier efforts and relationships . be loved and admired all year ! $ make great progress this year and see your biggest victories come from the smallest efforts ! you appreciate what matters most , and it is not always the loudest or flashiest concerns . be modest in your ambitions ( but be ambitious ) in the first month . august and september light up with fun , generosity , and a golden touch for making lasting connections . concentrate on your own passions in november . be smart about health in january , and tend promptly to any loose ends or worries . people may expect too much of you in march . progress at work blooms in april . it 's a year of love , opportunity , and success ! $ it 's one busy year full of fun , friends , and some crazy big opportunities ! make sure you get your rest and keep your home organized so you can better enjoy all the activity elsewhere . make friends and perhaps more money in august when people like how you do what you do . september is satisfying and less hectic , but work may keep you busy . november is more for you to recover and relish some fun personal projects . be good to yourself in january , too . a big break at work is possible in april , so pay attention . you 're wrapped in love and wisdom , especially near year 's end ! $ it 's a productive year full of friends and personal prime time . work calmly and steadily day by day on the little things and see great progress and satisfaction by year 's end . august is full of heavy socializing and temptations to overspend , but you can weather this popularity storm . see eye to eye with friends and wise relatives in september and october . they 'll respect your need for privacy in november . stay safe and healthy in january . continue calmly working and prepare for an april challenge at work that shows off your skills and talents . love and affection are near at hand all year long ! $ enjoy plenty of support from friends and family , and be ready for whatever opportunities and challenges come your way ! you 're strong , smart , and can make your own breaks . present yourself well in august and attract resources and people who want to advance with you . in october you can clearly see people 's agendas and future work possibilities . make suggestions and secure agreements . explore a private passion in november . be healthy and feel good in january . attend to daily obligations and be ready to pounce - or create - an opportunity at work in april . the closing months are more intimate , passionate , and quiet ! $ put down deep , strong roots with friends , family , and community , and make the most of all the breaks that come your way ! make some of your own , too . your judgment is good and your instincts are better still . enjoy high times in august , but do not linger or overspend . in october be calm and do what makes sense to you , especially at home . you may want to change something that displeases others . remember that you count , too . be safe and healthier in january . april puts you in the spotlight at work . you can make things happen . as the year ends , let people love you ! $ home is your emotional anchor and from there you can take on the world ! you may have moments of doubt or insecurity , but nothing will slow you down . be mentally keen and curious as the year starts . gifts and tenderness from friends will keep you feeling strong and secure in august . be careful with money and enjoy smooth sailing . stay calm in november and december . do not argue with yourself - you 're fine . be strong in january and inspire others in march . work diligently and stay patient in april . rewards are coming . activity , fondness , and love fill the last few months ! $ be productive at home and get closer to loved ones ! your understanding and actions find easy answers to any questions or problems . you may be expected to go through the motions socially or for the family in august . december is more relaxed and concerns your own interests and needs . make yourself happy . be health conscious in january . listen to others ' dreams and wishes in march . be successful at work in april . be bold and take on more authority and responsibility . be firm , not belligerent . quiet , loving times - and maybe some red - hot loving - at home fill out the final months ! $ be your own brightest star and learn what 's most fulfilling for you . make your own evaluations and then trust your judgment . you may need to go along with the flow in august . if income improves , say thank you and keep working hard . you may need more alone time in december to combat holiday madness and explore and satisfy your own needs and desires . stay healthy in january and stay active . april and may are busy at work - or perhaps mostly mentally busy with desired changes and innovations that are slow in coming . hang in there . deep love and devotion embrace you all year ! $ you sparkle with fun and excitement this year ! if not a big trip , a big adventure close to home is still possible . you 're ready to think , plan , and live big . festivities cannot be big enough for you in august . enjoy the popularity and fun , but watch the expense . work calmly until december ignites with more fun and thrills . you 'll keep it safe , no matter how wild it looks at first . attend to daily details in january and do not be caught off guard by anything . be the center of attraction again in april , and maybe go somewhere romantic . relax in the arms of love . sweetness ! $ be surrounded by people and good times this year ! live life on a slightly bigger stage and be more successful at whatever you try . if wishes and careful planning compete in your mind , be confident and then successful . generosity and popularity find you later in august . do not fritter away this good luck - profit all year from it . be firm and confident at home in november and enjoy life more in december . be encouraging and supportive in january and march , and take good care of yourself , too . let your creativity and inner light shine in april . love every day and be loved , too ! $ health and happiness are big on your agenda , and you deserve the extra pampering and attention . do not overthink or imagine problems in the first month , but settle down and be ready to attract good luck , more money , and more attention in august and september . if you 're uncomfortable socially , relax and let it pass . have confidence in december , especially at home . be strong - willed and in control of all the details in january . let someone special confide in you in march . work hard throughout the year , particularly in april and may , but do not fight other people 's battles . your year is full of love ! $ daily life comes together for you as annoyances and complications melt away under your gaze ! you 'll naturally work hard all year but not even consider it work . get in your groove in the first month , get lucky , and have many friends backing you in september . money should be adequate if you remember your budget . maybe save a little in december , but do not neglect your own needs . focus on what needs to be done in january and let the rest wait . someone else 's wishful thinking could get amusing in march . from april until year 's end , be busy , productive , romantic , and in love with life ! $ your birthday year gets off to a great start as you explore new possibilities in love and romance . however , it 's important for you to take the time to go slowly as you pursue these relationship opportunities . otherwise , you might find that later in the year , you have bitten off more than you can chew . this summer will be a good time to pick up the pace , and by fall , you will know whether you can commit for the long term or try again with someone new . the next few months will also be a good time to really get clear on your work and professional life . if you have ever wanted to change careers , winter is the time to get serious and take action . $ plan on taking a vacation this summer as your birthday year begins with a planetary influence that encourages rest and relaxation . this energy do not last long however , and by august the pace picks up and you will be drawn to complete unfinished projects and tie up loose ends . your fall season looks good financially , as all your hard work begins to pay off and you reap the harvest you have worked so hard for . november is a good month for spending time with family and loved ones as you will feel a powerful nesting instinct that promotes building stronger bonds with those you are already close too . make the most of your time together , and take this opportunity to let go of old resentments and tensions . $ if you have been wanting to make changes in your life , this year is the time to do it . your birthday kicks off with a bang , as you take the leap into a whole new era of your life . your courage , bravery and drive are taken to a whole new level as you take risks and try new things . september will bring an important decision that could lead to some doors closing as others open . try to make this decision carefully , paying particular attention to what you will lose as well as what you might gain . december brings a turning point in an intimate relationship , either bringing you closer together , or giving you insight on why you might need to take a break . $ if you have been waiting for something , you should receive an answer or decision now , as your birthday brings a sense of resolution and completion to a long awaited project or issue . love is in the air all summer , as you rediscover your joy and love for life . try not to commit to any one person right away , instead take your time to discover who is really right for you . as the weather turns cooler this fall , you may become so busy with work that you have a hard time making room for relationships . it 's important that you learn to balance these two areas of your life , as you will need both in order to feel happy and fulfilled . plan on a big surprise later in the year as things heat up in your life with a new and unexpected opportunity arising seemingly out of nowhere . $ this birthday year , if you can dream it and believe it , you can be it . now is the time to envision your most desired fantasy becoming reality , as your life takes on a magical flavor , and people , places and events wake you up to new possibilities and astounding opportunities . july may bring a short detour on your path as you try to slow down the pace of your progress . but once you grow more accustomed to all the changes , the speed picks up again , and by late fall you may not even recognize the person you have become . make sure you try to save money now as your expenses could grow later this year due to new additions to your home or family . $ your birthday year should get off to a great start with invitations to a variety of social gatherings and other fun events . as the weather gets warmer , your romantic life should heat up as well . whether you are single or partnered , this summer will bring you plenty of opportunities for love and connection . you may feel that you are working harder for the same results , but by the end of the fall , your efforts will bear fruit , and you are likely to receive some kind of recognition or acknowledgement at work . if you keep your ego in check and avoid acting overconfident , your star will continue to rise , and you can count on success in all your endeavors . $ birthday surprises abound for you as you find fulfillment in unexpected places . your lessons this year revolve around keeping an open mind and trying things you may have been afraid of in the past . through encounters with new friends and romantic partners , your summer should be an unusual one . try to keep your connections with old friends as you experiment with new social activities . in october you may feel the need to spend some time alone , retreating and taking a break from the busy whirl of the previous few months . this fall can also be a good time to save money for the future , when you will decide to make a big purchase , probably something that you have wanted for a long time . $ your birthday celebration may seem to get off to a slow start , leaving you hungering for opportunities to party and have a good time . if you can be patient and trust that you will get what you want , july should bring you many more opportunities for fun and frolic . your mind may also be focused on love this year , as you try to jumpstart your social life and spend more time out and about . it 's likely that you will encounter success in the realm of romance , though it may come in an unusual form . try to keep an open mind and an adventurous spirit and by next year you will likely find yourself happier than you have been in a long time . $ your desire to learn new things and explore beyond the reaches of your immediate environment is strong this year , as you strike out in search of adventure . august brings you opportunities to travel and interact with a new group of people . though you may feel hesitant at first , by the fall , you will find your confidence growing in leaps and bounds . try to remember to be observant and ask questions , as you take on the role of a student . by november , you may have an opportunity to share some of what you are learning with others . at the end of the year , love is in the air , as your courage to reach out and connect to others grows by leaps and bounds . $ this birthday may seem to remind you of everything you are grateful for in your life , as planetary influences bring you a sense of satisfaction and fulfillment . although you may feel challenged to hold onto these good feelings during the month of august , with a little hard work , you will still be able to maintain your appreciation for your life accomplishments even during this stressful time . by the middle of september you will notice that you are ready to take on a new project or mission . think carefully before you make any big commitments , but allow yourself to move forward into this unexplored direction . your family and community may feel neglected at first , but later they will thank you for your hard work . $ if it 's your birthday today , you are in for a real treat as this year is bound to be one you will remember for a long time . july gets off to a great start with exciting encounters with others that lead you to a new understanding of yourself . september may find you working hard to complete unfinished projects , but by the end of the fall , you will have more time to relax and rejuvenate . your finances should improve as well , as you grow more creative in how you apply your skills and talents in the world . try to listen more than you talk this year , learning from those around you and gathering important information that will help you in the future . $ your birthday year may seem challenging at first , leading you to believe that things are harder than they actually are , but if you can be patient , you will reap great rewards later . august looks to be one of your best months in a long time , as you creatively blossom in the world , and express yourself in fun and exciting ways . this process will lead to many new opportunities in work , love and your home life , particularly during mid - to late fall . the more you can maintain your commitment this year to those things that are important to you in life , the greater your rewards will be later . overall , patience and persistence will pay off more than trying to push things forward too quickly . $ mystery , magic and the unexpected are the theme of your birthday this year . you may meet a new person who introduces you to fascinating new arenas of life and intriguing possibilities to explore . july will be a good time to move forward into this new territory , remembering to keep your feet on the ground and take care of practical matters as you take a leap into the unknown . by september you should know if you are going to change your life completely , or take baby steps until you feel comfortable enough to go all the way . at work , late fall could be a good time to ask for a promotion or other change in your professional environment . $ your birthday this year presents you with an opportunity to make a renewed commitment to your health and well - being . if you have ever wanted to take up a new sport or get in shape , this year is the time to do it . in august you will receive extra encouragement in this direction from a friend or romantic partner , who may join in on your efforts , or support you in other ways . you may also have an opportunity to travel in late summer , exploring new environments and being exposed to diverse people and situations . make the most of all this activity , as once the fall season kicks in , you will have ample opportunity to slow down and relax , as you nest in preparation for a new year . $ celebrate in style on your birthday in preparation for great things to come . as your own personal new year sets in , you will be offered a number of appealing opportunities to choose from . love , work and travel top the list , and your own problem may be choosing just a few from so many exciting options . try to remember what is really important to you , and what you value in life above all else . by september , you should have a clear idea of what direction to take , as your life moves forward in a completely different direction than you might have expected . fall is your transition time , as you make the leap from one reality to the next . go more slowly then , but do go . $ imagine your life as if it was exactly the way you wanted it . this birthday year , you might actually have a chance to live this life as planetary influences bring you long sought - after goals . though july might bring some unexpected challenges , by the end of the summer , you will have manifested more than one of your wishes and dreams . love in particular may offer opportunities galore , as you rejuvenate existing relationships or meet exciting new romantic partners in play . gratitude will help this expansive tide of goodness keep flowing right through the fall , as you continue to discover what brings you joy and fulfillment . if winter brings a few wrinkles in your plans , stay patient because things will smooth out early next year . $ fun , playfulness , and humor are easy to manifest this year as your birthday begins on a note of whimsy . try to carry this tone into the rest of your life , as you may feel more serious than usual around matters of the heart . be assured that this will not last forever , as the fall will bring you many chances for love . in fact , you may find yourself hearing from people from your past at this time and taking steps to forge new beginnings . november in particular could be a good time to make progress in relationships , and you will see your work pay off by the beginning of next year . although your success will not be instantaneous , it should be long - lasting . $ your birthday brings you a fresh start , as you clear away the cobwebs of the past and take the next steps on your journey . although you may feel a bit uncertain about the challenges you face , you have a chance to re - create yourself and embark on a whole new life . you may find yourself a little confused in september , questioning your changes and new priorities . if you can stay the course through the fall , you will find that you are able to fully commit yourself to the life you have now chosen . you will probably also receive support and encouragement from a new friend at this time . allow yourself to be helped , even if it makes you feel vulnerable . $ you will probably enjoy being the center of attention on your birthday , but by july you will be craving time alone . try to find a balance between retreating and socializing this year , as you may have a tendency to overdo one or the other . during the month of august you will feel a greater sense of ease in life and be able to relax about the choices and decisions you have made so far . finances may become an issue in september , but by the end of the year you will see a light at the end of the tunnel . it 's possible at this time that you will discover a new way to generate income doing something that comes naturally to you . $ today much of your mental - and possibly physical - energy could be directed at career matters . you might reevaluate goals and ambitions , scorpio , and consider other possibilities . the desire for more income might be the catalyst , but there 's more to it than that . this is definitely a good day to think about a number of options . you might have to make a few decisions by this time next week . $ you 've always been a loner , scorpio . you tend to act on your own and you do not trust outside help . over the last few weeks , however , you 've managed to find people who have accepted you the way you are . it 's as if you 've found a refuge where you can escape reality . but you 'll find that if you open your heart to others , there will be additional places of refuge . $ the people around you would really appreciate it if you 'd slow down and relax a little . you always seem to be running around , so much so , in fact , that you 've been neglecting the people close to you , especially your family . they really need you . they have issues to discuss with you . they need to feel the comfort of your arms . your arms need to open up to them first . $ the day belongs to you . the celestial movements encourage you to think about your future . do not be afraid . with your usual self - confidence and dynamism , you 're in the best position to have a head start . your scorpio nature will be in control of your actions and you can rest assured that this period in time will be a favorable one for you . what more could you ask for ? $ you probably are not going to feel very social today , scorpio . in fact , you 're likely to want to work on projects and tasks alone if you can . this might be good for you , since you probably need to concentrate without being distracted . still , you should get out among others at some point during the day . you might want to be alone , but you 'll still need to feel that you belong . $ a blast of energy is headed your way today , scorpio . you 'll find that there is no shortage of adrenaline in your system . do not delay - there are opportunities now that may not be there for you later . action is the name of the game . you 'll be noticed and properly rewarded for your efforts . your emotions have a great deal of strength now . $ you may need to slow down a bit after the hectic pace of the last couple of days , scorpio . it 's essential that you take a more reserved and sensitive approach , especially with matters having to do with the heart . try to ground and center yourself . instead of thinking about conquering someone , try simply sitting back and receiving their appreciation and affection . $ this is a terrific day for you , scorpio , and you 'll find that there is a great deal of power at your disposal . this is a day of new beginnings . you have the opportunity now to start over and create a solid emotional base from which to work . rid yourself of negative feelings and self - doubt . use this day as an opportunity to strike out on new ground and achieve whatever you set your heart on . $ business and financial successes have you feeling happy and satisfied , scorpio . you 're also looking forward to moving ahead . the downside of this period is that people who are not particularly trustworthy could decide to grab your coattails for their own purposes . some might even ask for loans . be careful about the ones you choose to assist . they might not be honest with you . do not fall for any sob stories . $ the financial picture continues to improve , scorpio . at some point during the day , you might have the feeling that you are not working hard enough to keep the forward motion going , and you might feel panic rise . this could prove a good motivating factor , but you do not need to push yourself harder than you 're going now . you 're on a roll and it 's likely to continue . just pace yourself . $ today you might be feeling a bit tense , scorpio , and you probably will not understand why . the secret ? it 's the planets . you might tend to jump at unexpected noises or take offense where none is intended . relations with others could be a little strained , necessitating some communication about how you 're feeling . try to work off the tension by taking a brisk walk or perhaps working out at the gym . $ your emotions may be a bit reserved today , scorpio . it 's ok to take a break from the activity and simply lay low . this is a good time to sit back and receive . do not make any sudden moves . let the energy of the day take you where it will . the closer you can get to the intuitiveness of your inner self , the closer you 'll be to a romantic partner or family member . $ moving ahead is today 's key phrase , scorpio . you should be feeling very optimistic and excited about goals that you 've set for yourself . you 're probably confident that you 'll reach them , and all will go well . this positive attitude spills over into your relationships . you should be in just the right frame of mind to encourage friends to go for their dreams and give them any assistance they need . $ bring things down to earth today , scorpio . get grounded and enjoy the day . you 'll find that the more you slow down and adopt a caring , sensitive , receptive attitude , the more things will naturally flow your way . this is not a day to fight . it 's a day to connect with others on a symbiotic level . nurture yourself and others . get give a massage and snuggle up close to those you love . $ unexpected events may be shuffling the cards when you least expect it , scorpio . if you have kept a close eye on the deck , counting the jacks as they turn up , you might get thrown for a loop . do not be discouraged . everyone else is subject to the same rules as you are . if the dealer seems crooked , go to another table . do not fall for the same trick twice . $ you could find that what was so light and active yesterday runs into roadblocks today , scorpio . it might seem as if you 're suddenly heading straight for a brick wall regarding some of your current projects . suddenly there 's a more reserved tone to things , and you may have lost a bit of your precious momentum . use this time to back off and reassess the wisdom of your direction . $ the name of the game for you today is action , scorpio . the air seems to get clearer , and it feels as if a weight has been lifted off you . you might notice a sudden burst of physical energy urging you to get out and go for a long bike ride . feel the wind blowing through your hair . or release your pent - up emotions on the soccer field in a fast - paced game with your friends , if possible . $ there is an extra blast of wind to fill your sails today , scorpio , so make sure you 've got both hands on the steering wheel . whichever way your rudder is pointed is the direction you 'll go . once you get on your course , it will be difficult for you to readjust your position , so make sure that your compass is properly set . continue on with your journey full speed ahead . $ it may seem like neither side of the bed is the right side to wake up on , scorpio . the only solution you might be able to come up with today is to go back to bed . focus on your heart because it 's trying to tell you that it needs some attention . emotions may be running quite high , so be extra careful of how you treat yourself and others . $ today is your day to dream and dream big , scorpio . think about what it is that you want most out of life . aim your arrow to the stars and pull back your bow as far as possible . there 's no limit to how far you can go . your only limitation is your imagination . do not worry if your plan do not seem to make any rational sense . worry more about what you want and less about how you 're going to get it . $ someone has turned on the fan and papers are flying everywhere , scorpio . the pace of things is picking up and you 're scrambling to pick up the pieces . stay in close communication with others today . this will be your saving grace . you may require others ' help to fetch the stack of important documents that has blown across the room . keep a close eye on things so you do not lose your place in the game . $ it 's important for you to get outside and feel the wind blowing , scorpio . reconnect with nature and be aware of the four elements . take deep breaths and fill your lungs with this energizing life force . imagine yourself on a mountaintop looking over a vast ocean below . expand your awareness so that nothing escapes your attention . keep your head clear of clutter and be open to new adventures . $ today you need to finish whatever you do not get done yesterday , scorpio . themes of the journey include discipline and paying attention to the sand slipping through the hourglass . the more you 're able to accomplish , the better you 'll feel about yourself . stagnant energy in your life signals that it 's time to get things moving . do not waste another moment waiting for someone else to find the solution for you . take the initiative . $ it 's time for you to come out of hibernation , scorpio . shake off the blues and come into the light . today is a day to play and have fun . you 'll find that the mood of the day is lighthearted and jovial , so be the first with a joke or silly story . do what you can to make others laugh . let the fire within you burn at its brightest . $ events involving the arts or spiritual studies could take place today . you might be put in contact with new people who share your interests . love and romance could take on a fairytale aura , scorpio . you might view current and potential love partners through rose - colored glasses , seeing only their endearing traits . this is fine , and you should enjoy it as long as you do not get caught up in unrealistic expectations . they 're human just like everyone else . $ scorpio , do not be surprised if some of your fantasies and dreams are put on trial today by a harsh force that cuts right to the truth of the matter . people are apt to be extra passionate about things . most are not going to be impressed with disney - esque plans . you can try your normal approach of simply ramming ahead with your plans , but a better approach might be to be more strategic . $ your mood should be quite good today , scorpio . generally , you 'll find that people will react to your tendency to take the lead . keep in mind that this also indicates that they 'll probably be more likely to fight back . you may have the tendency to lean toward the bizarre and unconventional . the route to take today is the one that fosters diversity and revolutionary thinking . be a pioneer in every situation . $ today should be a gratifying day , scorpio , full of great news , pleasant surprises , and opening doors of opportunity on just about every level . career breaks and chances to earn more money could come your way . new friends may be introduced to you , and future opportunities for education and travel also may arise . whatever actually manifests out of all this is up to you . you might find decisions difficult . $ your romantic side is flying high today , scorpio . the opposite sex in general and your own partner in particular are going to seem especially attractive to you . you could also see in an entirely different light someone you think of as a friend . an increasingly busy social life in the future is possible , so expect to hear rumblings about parties or other social events . $ you 're feeling especially healthy , energetic , and attractive today , scorpio , and some friends may suddenly see you in a new light . this could bring a valuable boost in self - confidence . new careers that pay more and offer more of a challenge are especially appealing to you now . consider them seriously . write down your ideas and research them to see if they 're workable . this may be the start of a whole new life . $ do not even try to understand what 's happening today , scorpio , because you will not be able to fathom it . collective currents of concern are imposing upon your life and you 're powerless to stop them . some soul searching may help . true , at the moment you do feel like you 're just a grain of sand in a vast universe , but is that really so bad ? $ today your mind is apt to be turning to discussions of money , scorpio . conversations , perhaps job related , perhaps social encounters with friends , could turn to the subject of new income opportunities through modern technology . this is a good time to look into such matters , although you 'll probably want to consider several before making a decision . unless you absolutely know what you want , shop around ! $ today you could find yourself seeking self - knowledge through relationships , scorpio , especially through assisting those you love . someone is troubled and needs your help . it would be best for all if you gave it , because you 're especially sensitive and insightful now . you 're especially able to soothe others ' anger and mediate arguments . your optimism is very high , and you have what it takes to pass it on to others . $ tension in your romantic life is apt to well up today , scorpio . more than likely , there are certain responsibilities that you feel you have to attend to that take you away from your intimate experience with another . whether or not you 're currently involved in a romantic partnership , the day 's energy is likely to stir up issues regarding love and romance . try to find a healthy balance between work and play . $ be prepared to work diligently toward making your dreams a reality today , scorpio . success is definitely on the way , though it may not be approaching quite as quickly as you might like . a lot of significant letters and phone calls could come your way , keeping you busy . do not allow yourself to get too frazzled , though . take time periodically throughout the day to sit quietly and recoup your energy . $ your heart has been active , scorpio , and you 're probably feeling the need to take charge of a certain relationship . instead of being too hasty in your pursuit of this romance , you should probably do more planning . look at the situation from a long - term perspective and see if the partnership is heading the way you want it to , based on how things are moving now . it could be that you 're jumping ahead of the game . $ there are a few emotional surprises coming your way , scorpio . you might act a certain way under normal circumstances , but today you 're apt to take a completely different route . perhaps you do not know why you suddenly feel comfortable about a situation that you 'd normally be quite skeptical about . nevertheless , this feeling is possible . do not bother questioning your emotions . simply roll with whatever circumstances come your way . you 'll open many doors for yourself . $ stop wasting your energy on things that have no real relevance in your life , scorpio . this is a day to focus your attention on the tasks at hand and get things done . do not get distracted by the blinking neon lights . stay tuned to your own channel . it might not be a bad idea to adopt more of a critical tone so you do not get caught up in issues that do not pertain to you . $ when it comes to issues that require real thinking , be careful of letting someone else take control . you might have a rather lazy attitude in this department , scorpio , and it could be tempting to simply let someone else do the thinking for you . this attitude is apt to lead you down the wrong path for you . taking responsibility for yourself means thinking for yourself , so do it . $ your thinking is clear and sharp , scorpio , and your mental awareness keen . you should use it to head toward new , forward - thinking projects . do not waste your time beating around the bush . cut right to the heart of the issue . you 'll easily outwit your opponents in a game of scrabble or chess . engage in activities that exercise your brain . there 's no reason for you to doubt yourself today . $ let your love light shine today , scorpio . there 's a great deal of passion in your heart that needs to be expressed . let your romantic nature take the reins , and allow your creative nature to blossom . be assertive with regard to the ones you love . muster your courage and feel free to take the lead . be loving and caring without being smothering and clingy . give others room to breathe ! $ be yourself today - 100 percent you , scorpio . the world needs more individuality . revel in your unique qualities and be generous about sharing them with the world . feel free to adopt a new and unconventional way of doing something - anything . beware , however , that there may be a strong , grounding force that 's trying to tie you down to tradition . do not feel pressured to give in to the social norm . $ someone may be calling you on certain behaviors today , scorpio . it could be that your aggressive nature rubs someone the wrong way and they simply do not have thick enough skin to take it . you may not even be aware of how your warlike attitude affects those around you . this is a good day to see things from someone else 's perspective in order to gain a bit more data on the situation . $ there 's a great deal of fuel to keep your fire raging today , scorpio . powerful situations are apt to come your way in which you 're asked to take decisive action . do not shy away from added responsibility . your ego is very strong , which helps you take charge of any situation . just make sure that you do not step on anyone 's toes in the process . $ do not try to force anything or anyone right now , scorpio . you 'll find that today 's elements are just as stubborn as you are . today 's planetary configurations will force you to finally start to turn your dreams into reality , whether you want to or not . face it - you 've been planning for a long time without making much concrete progress . all that is about to change . $ you 're a dreamer at heart , scorpio . you prefer not to think about material things . that explains why you tend to forget groceries or dry cleaning . you 're happiest if things get done for you . but circumstances today will force you to handle some of these mundane chores . you 'll feel better by day 's end just knowing you can be self - sufficient even if you do not want to be . $ think before you act today , scorpio . rash moves are likely to get you into trouble . an annoying interruption in your daily routine could throw you off guard . sit down and think about the situation before you act too hastily . bumps in the road are often messages from the universe that you 're moving too quickly and carelessly . it 's time to slow down . $ you may feel a bit of a creative block now , scorpio , but do not view this as a signal to stop pursuing your artistic goals . the truth of the matter is that discipline is all that 's needed to manifest the things you really want . do not let other people 's energies get in the way of where you are now and where you want to be . get back in the flow . $ there 's an incredibly expansive feeling in the air that you should latch onto , scorpio . things are moving rapidly . you 'll find long - term trends come together quite well . the thing to be aware of today is making sure you 're operating based on facts you know to be true . check your sources . be cautious , but if you see an opportunity that looks good , run with it . $ in spite of the leaps and bounds you 've taken over the last several months , scorpio , a slump could set in as you start to doubt your ability to attain your goals . a disheartening and unexpected setback may have occurred , but you 've never let this sort of thing stop you before . do not fall into this trap now . brace yourself , reassess your methods , and get back in the saddle . $ you may be feeling rather anxious , scorpio . perhaps you have a big date coming up and your mind is buzzing with how to make the best impression . remember that the harder you try , the further away you 'll push the object of your desire . the most important part of impressing another is having confidence . relax . try not to get too caught up with yourself . $ be careful not to overdo things today , scorpio . you may so zealously want to meet your goals that you overshoot the mark by quite a bit . feel free to express your exuberance and let your enthusiasm shine in whatever you do . at the same time , be careful about getting so carried away that you do not notice that you 've already reached the finish line . $ you 're an adventurous soul , scorpio . are you thinking about a little mischief today ? are you going to propose that you and a friend or perhaps your partner skip town for a day and forget about work , chores , and other routine matters if possible ? you 've been bored lately , so who could blame you ? if you decide to do this , make sure everyone knows what 's up . you do not want to burn any bridges . $ frustrated energy resulting from an inability to put plans into action could have your nerves on edge today , scorpio . you might be tempted to get into petty quarrels with those around you . try to find other outlets for your energy in order to avoid this trap . there 's also the danger that you might take impulsive action . stop and think before you act , or your efforts might be wasted . $ some important plans , perhaps involving a vacation or education , could be temporarily blocked by circumstances beyond your control , scorpio . this can make you upset and might even set your temper on edge . you may be tempted to take out your frustrations on others . it would be more productive - and challenging - to find ways to make your plans work , even if they 're delayed . $ ancient social traditions could be a powerful part of today , scorpio . an emotional event concerning your family , perhaps planning a wedding or other milestone , could have you feeling especially moved . in the rush of events , you 'll probably keep a tight rein on any expression of emotion . keeping up appearances could be more important to you than usual today . do it , but also be yourself . $ new information could come at you from all sides today , scorpio . books , magazines , tv , the internet , and conversations are likely to bring exciting knowledge your way that reinforces some of your convictions . your intuitive abilities are strong , too . insights could blend well with what you learn from others . write down your thoughts . you 'll want to put them to work for you later . $ you should look especially good today , scorpio , and feel outgoing and charming . friends , neighbors , and strangers may comment on how great you look . communication is apt to be warm , informative , and supportive . relationships of all kinds should strengthen . if you can schedule a date for tonight with your partner , you may get an especially enthusiastic and gratifying response . enjoy your day ! $ continued success and good luck should have you feeling charged up to move ahead with plans and ideas . your energy and enthusiasm are high , scorpio . you 're likely thinking about expanding your horizons , perhaps through travel or education . you should definitely give these serious thought . plan carefully and take care not to move before the time is right . $ you 're able to work much more efficiently and effectively , scorpio . your energy is strong , and you do not need to fight in order to get your voice heard . attend to details and do not get discouraged by any discomfort that might arise . as long as you approach things with a positive attitude , everything should work out fine . you should not have to put in any special effort to be successful . $ working within boundaries and restrictions could get to you today , scorpio . yours is an independent spirit , and your best achievements are often born of doing things your own way . like it or not , we all have to follow rules . finish what needs to be done . afterward , you may find more freedom to act independently without consequences . exercise patience and diligence as needed . $ do not hesitate when it comes to taking on a project or making plans today , scorpio . extra energy will complement your organizational skills , making a perfect combination for handling almost anything . write down your plans and goals to help stay focused . get rid of things you never use . consider donating these items , since there 's probably someone who needs them . $ today you may want to go your own way regardless of what anyone else wants , scorpio . your independence is important to you , but compromise might be needed in order to avoid conflict . consider splitting your time between those close to you and yourself . explain to your loved ones why you need alone time . if it 's done with grace and humor , they 'll undoubtedly support you . $ if you 've been feeling tired or sick lately , this will probably turn around for you today , scorpio . bouts of moodiness can be a real drain . your emotional state has a pronounced effect on the way your body feels . be sure to take care of your feelings as well as your body . if there are things that need to be worked out , do that now . the two really do go together . $ today 's a good day to check into advancing your career or education , scorpio . the energy favors expansion and growth . when was the last time you learned a new skill ? it do not have to be work related , either . if arranging flowers , skydiving , or programming websites is something that appeals to you , go for it . never stop looking for ways to expand your knowledge . $ your ability to find innovative approaches to things may serve you well today , scorpio . strong energy and mental acuity continue today , and you 'll find that most things come easily . when approaching projects , take extra time to consider possibilities . try seeing things from every angle . you 'll likely find far more choices than you originally thought there were . jot down ideas . $ you should bask in a glorious splendor today , scorpio . there 's a great deal of power at your disposal . you 'll find your ego is healthy , charged , and ready for the battlefield . work lovingly with the energies that surround you . there 's a great deal of fire in the air that will aid your pursuit of happiness . do not settle for anything less than the best , because you 're worth it . $ use your power resources today , scorpio , as you have a great deal of dynamic energy at your disposal . you have the ability to transform and conquer anything now . note that your spirit of adventure is apt to be more acute than normal , and you may be feeling quite anxious to get things rolling in a new direction . do not hold back . now is the time to do things full force . $ today your mind will be quick , insightful , and inspired , scorpio . your creative impulses should go a thousand miles an hour and ideas should pop in and out of your head like crazy . most likely you 'll want to drop everything else and write down all your ideas . make use of this inspiration while you can , as it may come in fits and starts . you could be surprised by what you produce . $ unfinished job tasks might have you wanting to pitch in and get them done no matter what it takes , scorpio . this is likely to earn you a few brownie points with your colleagues but take care that you do not stress yourself out . you probably woke up feeling pretty good this morning , but you will not finish the day that way if you exhaust yourself . pace yourself . $ some action you took yesterday may be opposed today , scorpio . unclear facts and romantic fantasies could get in the way of your taking decisive action . you may feel the need to act anyway . keep in mind that communication could be tainted by pockets of uncertainty . try not to rock the boat . today 's energy is a delicate balance between war and peace . $ someone has just turned the fan up high , scorpio . there 's no lack of air to fuel your fire . information is flying left and right and there 's a lot of opportunity associated with it . to take advantage of this powerful day , keep the air circulating around you . stretch and take deep , powerful breaths to enhance your nervous system and make the best use of this energy . $ you have natural leadership abilities , and today would be an ideal day to make use of this talent . in the past you may have hesitated to step forward and implement your ideas . but recent successes have given you the necessary confidence to pursue your objectives . you 'll likely find that the higher - ups support your efforts . make the most of today 's auspicious circumstances , scorpio . $ financial worries might come up today , scorpio . you may check your bank balance and find that you have little money . this might come as a shock , because you thought there was plenty there . before you panic , ask whoever 's in charge at the bank to double - check the records . it 's probably a computer error . it should not take long to correct , and you 'll be able to breathe a sigh of relief . $ scorpio , you 're usually more outwardly directed , but today you might break that pattern . you could be in a contemplative mood and wondering about everything from metaphysics to philosophy to money to your future . you 're basically feeling positive about life , but you might be at a crossroads now . it may take some serious thought before you decide which direction to go . give yourself some time . $ there 's tension in the air today , scorpio , and you might be restless and anxious to start something . there is plenty of energy around to feed you , but the trick is to make sure that you 're doing things for the right reasons . do not do things out of guilt , fear , or regret . keep on the best path for the best reasons for the best results . $ you may be feeling a bit on edge today , scorpio . your self - confidence is shaky and you may feel in need of new challenges . the tedious tasks you have in front of you do not inspire your imagination or creativity . do what you can to get through this difficult day . be extra kind to yourself by indulging in a good lunch or listening to classical music . $ emotionally speaking , you should be doing quite well today , scorpio , especially in the morning . this is a good time to take charge of projects that require definite leadership . do not think that you 're inferior to the people around you . act like you belong in a leadership role and you 'll find that others will automatically support you in that position . you have what it takes to lead . $ emotions could be intense at work today as important projects approach their deadlines , scorpio . you may put in more time than usual . tempers might flare and co - workers clash , so stay calm and keep going . on the positive side , the financial and recognition payoffs for whatever you accomplish today should prove well worth the effort . $ you could have a strong urge to seek adventure , scorpio . you might want to take a spontaneous trip to an exotic place , meet new people in exciting fields , or try new pastimes , perhaps as outrageous as skydiving . go for it if you are able , but this urge could indicate boredom in some part of your life . what can you change about your lifestyle to avoid future stagnation ? $ there could be some restrictions on your emotions today , scorpio . you 'll find that a practical , grounded force is working against your intuitive understanding of whatever issue concerns you . do your best to anchor yourself in the truth before you scatter seeds of erratic emotions all over the place . it 's important for you to maintain stability at all times . $ today , scorpio , you might turn to practices like meditation or psychic development . some vivid dreams over the past few days may have brought up personal issues that you need to clear up in order to progress . you may pick up on the thoughts and feelings of others more strongly than usual . if you 've been thinking about learning to read tarot cards or runes , this is the day to start . $ today you could be feeling warm and friendly toward everyone . you might be involved in virtual social events or receive invitations to future parties . you 'll probably have a great time and make some new friends . take care to take lots of vitamin c . there could be colds or other bugs flying around and you could be more susceptible to such infections at this time . $ misinformation regarding money could come from someone who has a stake in your believing whatever you 're told . this could be a banker , creditor , investment counselor , or even a close friend or relative . whoever it is , scorpio , do not accept what this person says at face value . look into the facts of the situation yourself before making any decisions about what you need to do . $ things relating to love and romance are in your favor today , scorpio , although you may find that issues of this nature might be unpredictable . lovers could be present one moment and mia the next , but these are the risks you take when you deal with love . find a balance that do not get you so wrapped up in someone else that you 're hurt if his or her eyes turn elsewhere . $ today you 're likely to experience a powerful burst of energy that may temporarily turn you into a workaholic . chores may have piled up around the house that desperately need to be done . you may want to go through them like wildfire . you do not have to do them all at once . take care of the most pressing tasks and then relax . the rest can wait . ask family members to help . $ crazy as it seems , why not plan that trip you 've been eager to go on , scorpio ? adventure calls , and although there are a few obstacles to stop you from answering , you can t wait to get out of your rut . there is a great big world out there , and you can t wait to make the time to go and see some of it ! $ this is a time when you 're likely to feel especially idealistic and hopeful . spiritual experiences may have you on cloud nine , scorpio . your intuition is also strong . you might consider taking a future trip to a distant state or foreign country , perhaps one associated with a great spiritual tradition . wait a day or two and talk it over with friends before making any specific arrangements . $ something you might have wanted to keep between you and a few trusted friends could inadvertently be revealed , perhaps to the wrong people . frustration and a sense of betrayal could plague you , but do not turn against those who knew . even though this can be disconcerting , you can learn from it . benjamin franklin said , two people can keep a secret only when one of them is dead . $ this is a day of fresh beginnings for you , scorpio . accomplishments in the past foster a new sense of self - confidence , along with optimism and enthusiasm for the future . travel lies ahead in the distant future , and possibly advancing your education in some way . romance also looks promising . go for a facial or massage today , if possible , or buy some new clothes . start the new cycle by making your appearance match what you feel inside . $ you 're in a fun - loving and jovial mood today , scorpio , and you should make time to enjoy it with friends , if possible . the one caveat to the day is that your emotions may be a bit clouded . you may not have the most accurate impression of a situation . you might feel that people have the wrong impression of who you are . try not to feel insecure . have confidence in yourself and take the lead . $ other people 's indecisiveness could leave you feeling frustrated and stuck today , scorpio . realize that you can overcome this by pushing past them . do not feel like you need to wait for others to make up their minds before you act . do what you need to do , and others will catch up when they 're ready . you are not responsible for the well - being of others . concentrate on you . $ if you 're musically or artistically inclined , scorpio , today you might have visions or melodies in your head that simply cry out to be written down . if you 're a writer , you may be filled with story ideas . whatever your creative interests , inspiration abounds . it 's a good idea to start working on these projects today or they could disappear . $ you may feel especially warm and loving , scorpio , and romance could be on your mind . time spent with a love partner from another state or country might seem especially appealing . this is a great day to schedule an intimate evening alone with your friend and see where it takes you . all signs indicate that your friend returns your feelings , and you might end up just where you want ! $ have you been having difficulties with career or money matters , scorpio ? if so , help might come today from a friend who lives far away . this person may not do much but offer words that are so insightful that you know immediately what course of action to take . what this person says could also be of valuable assistance in the future . write it down so you 'll be sure to remember it . $ if you 've put in your time and done your homework , this day can prove very rewarding , scorpio . watch out for incredible opportunities hiding nearby . you have a great deal of physical energy today , although you may find it erratic and a bit out of control . break free of anything that seems to be binding you . shed the chains and live the way you want to live . $ you might have the chance to speak with new people in interesting fields , perhaps from foreign lands , scorpio . your conversational abilities are at an all - time high , so you 'll not only enjoy talking with everyone , but they 'll enjoy talking with you , too . intriguing ideas and useful information could have your mind buzzing all night . try to take a walk in the evening to clear your head . $ matters involving communication seem to be fouled up , scorpio . messages may not get delivered , emails may not go through , and people might misinterpret your words . this could create a mess that brings everything to a screeching halt . you need to speak to people directly , give detailed instructions , use simple language , and make sure they take notes , or beware of the consequences ! $ you 're in a great position to reap the rewards from all your past hard work , scorpio . in the coming weeks you 'll be able to realize important gains in your career and personal projects . not only should you see significant advancements in your work life , but you 'll also achieve greater personal happiness . you have great momentum , so keep it up and you 'll realize your goals . $ a reassessment of your financial goals may be needed now , scorpio . some of your expectations may be unrealistic , and you might need to look at them in a more practical light . this do not mean they will not happen , just that they 're apt to take a little longer than you 'd like . think of it as an opportunity to develop patience . rework your budget and hang in there ! $ love matters have been going well for you recently , scorpio , but today you could be alone and unable to reach a current or potential romantic interest . this could bring about a twinge of the blues , which up until now have passed you by . do not waste time feeling down . find something to distract you until your friend can come around to see you and you can have a little fun . $ you 'll do some serious soul searching today . which goals have you achieved and which ones have gone not reached ? be honest as you reflect on past months . could you have done things differently ? would you like to do things differently in the future ? you 'd be well advised to write down your successes and regrets . use the list to keep you on track . it 's bound to be a great help to you . $ a future journey may be in the works right now , scorpio . many changes have been occurring in your life for a long time , and they continue today . they might involve group events or educational activities . this may be something you 've anticipated for a long time . your energy , enthusiasm , and excitement are high . you may be too restless to sit still . try to get some exercise at some point . $ are you going to go away soon , scorpio ? if not , you may be planning a trip for another month , perhaps going for educational purposes , such as to attend a workshop . you might have agreed to some overseas business travel . you should feel especially energetic , enthusiastic , and optimistic now . you 've done well thanks to your diligent work , and you should continue on that path . $ too many phone calls may be on the agenda today , scorpio . you might also have a few last - minute errands to run in your neighborhood . it will not be easy , probably because of unexpected delays , closures and traffic . nonetheless , your sense of excitement and enthusiasm will help you tolerate conditions that would normally be very frustrating . furthermore , you 're having fun ! go to it . $ your thoughts today are likely to turn to setting goals for the future , particularly concerning your career . while you 've made a lot of progress in recent months , you 'd like to see even more forward movement . this would be a great day to start thinking of concrete ways to make that happen , scorpio . why not have a family brainstorming session ? it 's likely to yield some great advice . $ this is a good day for sharing friendship with pals and co - workers , scorpio . people will be in a light , socializing mood and not much in a working frame of mind . there 's really no use fighting this energy . enjoy yourself today and allow yourself to detach from work issues . you can all get back to the grindstone later . the work will still be there . $ are you single , scorpio ? if so , today you might fall in love at first sight . you may have been frustrated lately by the lack of available , interesting people , but today you could meet someone who seems too perfect for words . and you can rest assured that the attraction is mutual ! if you 're already involved , you can expect a revival of the fairytale romance between you and a significant other . $ people would be foolish to challenge your thinking now , scorpio . the power behind your words is volatile , and you may find yourself going to extremes in order to get your point across . be careful about making promises you cannot fulfill . it could be that you 're so adamant about your point of view that you make up hyperbolic situations just to get your ideas across . $ today is one of those days in which you will be bursting at the seams to share big news with your friends , scorpio . perhaps you just received an important package or piece of information and you cannot wait to spread the news . be careful about who might be lurking around , however , because there could be others listening in . they may not necessarily be acting in your best interests . $ suppose you were someone else for a day , scorpio . how would it feel to be treated the way you normally treat other people ? this is a good time to put yourself in someone else 's shoes and experience life through their eyes . by doing this , you 're apt to become more conscious of your own actions and the effect of those actions on the people around you . $ you 've been very busy , professionally and socially , and now you 're probably longing for a romantic encounter . if you 're currently involved , you should schedule some time alone with the special person in your life . if you are not involved , do not be surprised if someone new appears on the scene . you could fall in love at first sight or an old friend could suddenly look different to you . make sure you look your best ! $ love and personal relationships are likely to take on a much dreamier and more romantic tone now , scorpio . your eyes are apt to sparkle as you speak or even think of the person you care about the most . the unmistakable glow that surrounds you is likely to attract others to your side even if you are not in the market for a romantic relationship right now . $ when it comes to matters of love and romance , you may need to tone things down a bit , scorpio . an aggressive approach now may drive your loved one further away from you instead of drawing him or her closer . remember that love is a two - way street . do not just do things the way you 'd like to do them . it 's crucial that you consider your partner 's thoughts and feelings every step of the way . $ your coals have been smoldering for a while , and there is a great deal of smoke pouring from your blackened embers , scorpio . the good news is that there 's apt to be a great gust of wind today , acting as the catalyst that ignites the flames . you 've provided the heat and the fuel . the missing element of air is finally coming your way , so be prepared . the fire is apt to heat up quickly . $ you might be feeling rather insecure when it comes to your peace of mind , scorpio . because of the insecurity , it may seem like your relationships are on the rocks . at the same time , having problems in your relationships is making you less likely to trust these close partners with your insecure feelings . talking about your emotions in an honest manner will help you break out of this difficult situation . $ expect some delays , upsets , and unexpected turns when it comes to romance today , scorpio . jealousy may rear its ugly head , as you may at some point get the impression that your beloved is noticing someone else . bear in mind that there 's a strong chance that these impressions are illusory , and that the truth may be totally different from the way things seem . take care to stay focused . reserve judgment until you know the facts . $ your mind will be especially quick and active today , scorpio , and you 're likely to want to spend much of the day involved in intellectual activities like reading , writing , or teaching . communication with others should be a powerful part of your day , so you will probably spend time on the phone . you will want to write down many of the ideas you hear . you will find most of them interesting and want to remember them . $ a very welcome sum of extra money could come your way today , scorpio , possibly out of the blue . you might want to put this money to work for you in some way , perhaps investing it or purchasing supplies or materials for personal projects . you should feel especially positive where your resources are concerned , and confident in your ability to earn . $ you 've probably had few periods when business and finance have gone well for you , scorpio . now this trend seems to be coming to a head . today you might start or close some type of agreement that will make a big difference to your finances . your money situation should not only improve but also stabilize at a level higher than it 's ever been . as long as you 're diligent , this growth should continue . $ you took off like a bullet a few days ago , making great progress in a short amount of time . now you 're grappling with doubts that are undermining all of your energy . reflecting on the events of the past few days , it 's obvious that you were somewhat reckless in your headlong pursuit of your goals . do not give up , scorpio . rethink your strategy . $ chores that need to be done around the house could be at the top of your priority list today , scorpio . a female visitor , perhaps your mother , could come by and making your place look great will preoccupy you . do not do any more work than you absolutely have to . you will not want to be too tired when she arrives . $ there could be an unexpected tension coming out of nowhere today , scorpio . more than likely your emotions will be running at a high level . it could be that your aggressiveness and assertiveness start to annoy others . people might snap suddenly . do not be surprised if things come without much warning . there is a fast - paced feeling to the day that will be hard to ignore . $ powerful thoughts are running through your brain . you will find that this information can be transforming , scorpio . the key is to learn from others and incorporate opposing viewpoints into your state of mind . do not automatically disregard the opinion of another just because it contradicts your own beliefs . teamwork is the name of the game on a day like today . $ you have two choices today . either jump into the thick of the mess with both feet or stay out of it altogether . there are definitely two distinct camps setting up their arsenals for battle . realize that there is also a soft , tender , harmonious aspect that just wants peace . it will be hard to ignore the fact that your usual warring nature is ready to do battle . $ you might need to put on the brakes today , scorpio . your present trajectory is not quite in line with the people and energy around you . make sure you are not stepping on other people 's toes with your abrasive behavior . this is a day to consider a more disciplined approach . you might need to establish a better structure , so you use your energy more efficiently in general . $ you might consider taking a rest today , scorpio . like a sailboat on the ocean , you 've been taxed lately by all the turbulence . the pressure on you has been tremendous . think about pulling your sails to half - mast in order to take a break . you may not be going as quickly as before , but you will find that this is exactly the rest you need in order to complete the voyage . $ the day 's energy is apt to be lively , making it much easier to get the things done that you need to do , scorpio . you will find people are more than eager to help you . the trick is to integrate your leadership abilities with the knowledge available from other people . you will create a winning combination of power and strength to put to use in just about any realm of your life . $ too much pressure on the job could have you feeling like chucking it all and going somewhere by yourself . you might be tempted to go on a spending spree or overindulge in food or drink . this may spill over into your personal relationships , causing disagreements with friends or family . it might be a good idea to be alone for a few hours , scorpio . you will feel much better once you clear your head . $ worries about money could be on your mind today , scorpio . a check you 've been expecting may not have arrived . perhaps a project you 've taken on is taking longer to complete than you thought , and so expected funds are delayed . the key word to remember here is delayed . it 's late , not cancelled altogether . be patient and do not waste any more time worrying ! $ sudden lucky breaks could come your way today , scorpio , possibly through friends or groups with which you 're involved . a long - term goal you 've been working toward might bring unexpected but wonderful results . virtual group activities , particularly those involving social or political issues , could take up a lot of your time . this promises to be a busy , productive day . expect the unexpected ! $ a conflict between your responsibilities to family and obligations to friends could rear its ugly head today , scorpio . you might want to attend an event but need to deal with emotional issues in the home immediately . it could be difficult to keep a cool head under these circumstances . if you can , you should find a way to satisfy your family and go out . step back and be objective ! $ an old friend you have not seen for a long time may suddenly resurface , perhaps contacting you through social media . this could take you by surprise , scorpio , but you will not be any less happy to talk to him or her again . surprising news of another kind may come to you through email or phone , and this might set you off in a totally different direction from the one you started in this morning . $ success in a project you 've been working on could mean you want to go out and celebrate . you might feel guilty about doing it , but go ahead , scorpio . order a glass of wine and dessert ! tonight is the night to forget work and go for sheer , unadulterated pleasure . you have the break coming . your efforts are finally being recognized , and you 're on your way . enjoy your good fortune ! $ meticulous and sincere effort on your part may have led to a recent increase in income . today you might be thinking of reworking your budget . while others might throw caution to the wind at a time like this , today you might go too far in the opposite direction . be careful and realistic , scorpio , but do not be overly frugal . you 've worked hard to get where you are , and you deserve a reward . $ a new opportunity could come your way today , scorpio . there 's no promise or guarantee , but there is an indication that if you devote yourself thoroughly , your chances of progress are pretty good over the next month for any activity that you begin today . keep up the good work and keep smiling ! the latter action is as important as the former . $ you may have the perfect plan all laid out , scorpio . you 've communicated to the right people , you 've traveled to the appropriate spots to gather data , and you have all your resources in line . for some reason , however , every time you start to implement this plan , you run into emotional difficulties that seem too challenging to surmount . do not let this block you from your dreams . $ someone has suddenly put the fan on high , scorpio , and papers are blowing everywhere . neat piles whisked into large swirls of chaos . everyone is shouting opinions about what should be done about it . meanwhile , there are people making demands on you that you just cannot handle . slow down and communicate your situation to others . they will understand and support your predicament . the wind will die down soon . $ things may get a bit difficult in your romantic life because of someone in the partnership who is not necessarily taking a very realistic approach to the situation , scorpio . there 's a bit of a power play going on as someone tries to throw their weight around without considering the other person 's feelings . tension is brewing , and you 'd be wise to deal with it now . $ uncertainty about spiritual matters and doubt about your insights might have you down in the dumps today . do not try to force any solutions - it will not work . this is not a good day to be out and about , because travel of any kind could pose problems . this is also a bad day to plan or start a vacation . stay close to home and take care of practicalities , scorpio . that way you will be calm by evening . $ you may have doubts over the next few days , scorpio . do not make any important decisions about your future during this relatively unproductive period . if someone in your professional or personal life asks you to make more of a commitment , you may be tempted to put on the brakes without really knowing why . wait a while before answering this kind of question . $ in navigating the seas of your emotional life , scorpio , you may feel as though you 've made a great effort over the past month . you 've been available and conciliatory and have done your best to maintain harmony . with today 's celestial energy , you want to be more spontaneous . the enterprising and reckless you has returned ! $ you will likely find it difficult to keep your mind on serious matters with today 's playful planetary energies , scorpio . you 're in the mood for romance , and you want to make sure everything is in place for a flawless evening with that special someone . you have the sexy outfit and food being delivered , and that 's just for starters . no wonder you cannot concentrate , with such an amazing evening to look forward to . $ your aggressive attitude is likely to start a fight that might be difficult to settle now , scorpio . there are extremely stubborn forces at work , and you may find that no one is willing to budge from their position . the thing that is apt to make this even more difficult is that people may misinterpret certain pieces of the puzzle . try to bring understanding to the situation instead of more aggression . $ do not spend beyond your means today , scorpio ! if you happen to know some enthusiastic shoppers , it could be disastrous for your finances if you get caught up in the frenzy . on the other hand , perhaps you owe yourself a reward for all your hard work . is there a gift you could give yourself that do not involve money ? time , perhaps ? $ do not expect to meet the partner of your dreams today , scorpio . rather , your romantic hopes are likely to meet with frustration . it would be better to devote your energies to something more realistic , such as your financial situation . it probably does need some attention , would not you agree ? if you redirect your energy , the rewards are more likely to be forthcoming . $ in a series of days that have tested your patience to the limit , here comes the moment of truth that could make or break you . you can expect a high - pressure day when you will be induced to express your deepest motivations . a confrontation with an authority figure could trigger an outburst . do your best to remain levelheaded , scorpio . $ it 's time to get yourself together . you tend to be all over the place . you need to channel your energies into something you really care about . tell yourself how proud you would be if you could get this done . do not give up and do not change directions on your way . stay focused ! $ you may feel like the brakes have been slammed in the romance department , scorpio . realize that this do not mean you have to stop having fun . laughter and good times are in store for you today as long as you do not get hung up on the slow pace of your love life . you can have a good time while taking things one step at a time . savor each moment . do not try to rush to the next . $ it 's possible that you 're trying to do too much , scorpio . if look at the days you spend working , you may realize that too much of your energy goes to some very meager results . today , consider taking some time off to take advantage of life . why not go out for a nice dinner with friends , or even better , go on a little vacation ? try and let things happen . you deserve time just for you ! $ your energy is probably high today , almost to the point where you feel you might be able to run a marathon ! seriously , scorpio , you 're probably thinking in terms of getting out of town for a while . exercising or participating in solo sports could also be appealing . you might direct some of this energy into creative projects . take care not to overdo it . you could still get too tired . $ a desire to be creative could have you experimenting with various kinds of artistic disciplines , perhaps in connection with computers , scorpio . at some point today you could be in the right place at the right time , receiving just the right help from someone who can point you in whatever direction you want to go . ambitious plans could fill your head and keep your mind buzzing . make a list ! it might help . $ chances are good that you will feel strong and confident today , scorpio . it 's a good time to try something you 've never done before . you might be the right person to get things started , especially if it 's about something you want to see changed . if you 've never run for office before or taken a leadership role in another area , consider doing this . you have the power and popularity to make a real difference . $ do not be surprised if you feel a real need for some breathing room today , scorpio . as much as you enjoy the company of others , you need to have time to yourself as well . see if you can work in a private space or simply shut your door . if you need to move in order to be alone , hop in the car and go . irritability is a good indicator of when you need to get away from the crowd . $ your plane is fueled , your bags packed , and you have clearance from the control tower , but for some reason , scorpio , you just cannot seem to get off the ground . perhaps there are details of the trip that you have not taken into account . people are firing questions at you , and you do not have all the answers . this is especially true when it comes to matters of love and romance . $ often fiery temperaments like yours are drawn to fight for great causes despite the better judgment of more down - to - earth people . as a result , you have great leadership potential that may emerge today . your courage , enthusiasm , and vigor will be contagious when you climb onto your soapbox . $ it 's time to get what you need , scorpio . your desires do not always go in a direction that does you the most good , and this can cause tension . you feel as though it 's impossible to combine your desires with what is good for you , notably in your love life . you wrestle with whether you should remain in your creative cave or share your life with someone . it do not have to be one or the other . $ is discipline high on your list of priorities lately , scorpio ? you 're undoubtedly trying to inject some order into your daily life , and your behavior could benefit from some adjustment as well . whether it concerns food , hygiene , or simply the intensity of your daily rhythm , it 's possible that you will notice a real improvement today . $ information could come your way today that starts you thinking about new and revolutionary ideas . perhaps they involve modern technology or social and political issues . opportunities to meet new friends who share your interests could come through group activities . you should be feeling especially curious and optimistic about the future , scorpio , and whatever exchanges with others you have are likely to set your mind buzzing . $ the day ahead should give you an opportunity to analyze the events of the past three weeks , scorpio . you will draw many important conclusions about your love life . you may conclude that matters have evolved little , if at all . this is discouraging , to be sure , but do not place too much trust in appearances . remember , things are not always as they seem . $ feel free to stand up for yourself , a cause , or another person today , even if you know it will cause tension among the others around you . a heated argument is likely to ensue , and it would not be surprising if you were the catalyst . passionate debates are right up your alley , so use this as an opportunity to demonstrate your courage and strength in what you believe . $ financial issues may interfere with your self - expression today , scorpio . perhaps you need a little more money before proceeding with a project that means a lot to you . you usually are not one to let this kind of consideration stop you , though . just a little bit of thought and planning could make whatever it is you want to do more feasible than it appears to be . write down some ideas and go to it ! $ you might feel a great deal of physical power on a day like today , scorpio . if someone asks you to come help move a couch , you 're likely to be able to pick up the whole thing by yourself . do not sell yourself short . you have more internal strength than you reveal to others . there 's no need to hide it any longer . feel free to make use of this great power you possess . $ people sometimes say that you 're a little aggressive in your approach , scorpio . but today you feel a little tired of leading the charge on the battlefield . you can learn a lot from your friends who can teach you to think of things in relative terms without allowing yourself to become emotionally involved in every situation . try to relax for a change ! $ act without hesitation today , scorpio , especially if you 're following unfamiliar directions or exploring new territory . this may not seem like the best advice , but this is a day for saying an unflinching yes to all manner of proposals that come your way , even if some are unclear . scorpio excels at this type of test . expect to be at the head of the class by the end of the day ! $ there 's extra aggression in your world today , scorpio . realize that this is probably due more to your reaction to a situation than to the situation itself . it could be that you 're in conflict with someone just because he or she wants harmony while you have a propensity to fight . this paradox is likely to be detrimental to your psyche unless you try to change it . $ emotionally speaking , you 're probably doing quite well today , scorpio . you have extra self - confidence to draw on to tackle your projects . the one difficult aspect of the day probably has to do with some sort of mental challenge that for some reason just is not making sense . do not continue to beat a dead horse . if things do not want to budge , let them sit . tackle them later . $ you took off like a bullet a few days ago , scorpio , making great progress in a short amount of time . but now you 're grappling with doubts that are undermining all your energy . reflecting on the events of the past few days , it 's obvious that you were somewhat reckless in your headlong pursuit of your goals . do not give up ! just rethink your strategy . $ someone you 've known for a long time may move away or otherwise vanish from your life . he or she may move to a distant state . you 'll probably stay in touch by phone or email , but it will never be the same , at least not for a long time . you will feel better if you meet some new people . they will come your way today , possibly through humanitarian group activities . $ you 're apt to be in a romantic mood today , scorpio . your whole being may revolve around love and romance . you will find that your romanticism is heightened . this is a terrific day to snuggle up to a loved one and share intimate moments and passionate kisses . pamper yourself with a hot bath and try to make someone else happy . $ latch on to the expansiveness that comes when you connect with others in the social arena , scorpio . communication is a key part of the day . you will find that if you go with the flow , you will land exactly where you need to be . take the adventurous route and feel free to skip around from one thing to another . there 's no need to pin yourself down to only one way of doing something . $ you will find that discipline , organization , and a bit of a dramatic flair are exactly the things needed to be successful today , scorpio . just because you have to be practical do not mean that you have to be stern and grumpy . remember that taking care of serious matters can actually be fun as long as you maintain a positive attitude about the situation . a smile goes a long way . $ you will find that the more peaceful and understanding you are today , scorpio , the better off you will be in general . doors will open and people will welcome you with great fanfare . be the diplomat instead of the warrior . focus on the positive aspects of the equation instead of the negative . luck and prosperity will come your way when you have this attitude wherever you go . $ do not try to control what happens today , scorpio , because you will not be able to fathom what 's going on . how could it be otherwise when collective currents are interfering with your life ? you may do some soul - searching because you may feel that you 're only a grain of sand in a vast universe . do not spend too much time staring at your belly button . look around you for some of the answers . $ scorpio , no one has ever accused you of being overly diplomatic . in fact , since you have no compunction about saying what you think , your mouth regularly gets you into trouble . it 's true that your verbal outbursts often relieve tension in tight situations , but there are times when kind words are a more effective way to get a point across . why not try it ? $ someone you think of as a friend may prove less than trustworthy today , scorpio . there are indications of deception all around you . perhaps someone is keeping something from you or telling outright lies . do not be too suspicious of anyone but check the facts of a situation before you take someone 's word for anything . it 's always best to do that anyway . $ a new friend could arrive today , scorpio . you 're probably going to like this person very much . he or she probably shares many of your interests . you could become close friends . the downside is that you are not likely to see anyone as they really are , only an idealized picture . when you meet this person , try to see the real person behind the mask and accept them as they are . $ a sudden , irritating interruption in your routine could come your way today , scorpio . a friend may need some advice , and you could feel obliged to give it , which would put your own projects on hold for a while . do not be too irritated with this person , however . you might regret it later . you might also have some troubles with computers , cell phones , or other forms of technology . $ calm down and get centered , scorpio . this is an extremely sensual day that 's likely to pique your emotions . you 're apt to receive input from each one of your senses , so keep these channels open and available for new information that 's trying to break through . do not be hasty . you 're better off taking a reserved , receptive approach today . $ the weightiness of the past few days seems to be lifting . you will find a slight breeze building that will help fuel your fire , scorpio . by building a solid foundation , you 've created a reliable launching pad from which to take off . communicate what you 've learned with others . allow your opinion to be heard . a great deal of useful information will be exchanged . $ there 's apt to be tension between your heart and your general mood , scorpio . your romantic nature will incline you to adopt a selfish , impatient attitude , while the prevailing tone of the day calls for peace and balance . try to maintain an equal amount of give and take . there 's enough love to go around . do not feel like you need to be possessive in order to maintain others ' loyalty . $ try not to be too arrogant today , scorpio , even when you 're utterly sure you 're right about the given situation . more than likely , you have the correct answers , but it is not necessary to be strident about it . unexpected events are coming your way , and you may find that someone is toying with your emotions . be on guard for people who may want to ruffle your feathers . $ the earlier portion of the day is apt to flow much more smoothly than the later part , scorpio . you should get things solidified right off the bat , if possible . things will be a bit more relaxed and free flowing in the morning , but become a bit more restrictive as the evening sets in . do not go to bed without making a plan for what you want to accomplish over the next few days . $ give it a rest today , scorpio . recharge your batteries . stick close to home and take a load off your feet . convince someone to give you a massage , or better yet , go to a professional . you deserve a break . once you 're restored , consider all the ramifications of whatever actions you take before you start . plan your moves carefully . be strong and decisive not rash and frantic . $ things should flow extremely well for you , scorpio . load your engine with extra fuel , because you will be burning red hot . do not let anything stand in your way . by all means , fight for what you need . there 's a great deal of power behind your emotions , and you will find that the intensity of your feelings is real and courageous whether you 're laughing or crying . $ you cannot spend all your time running from one activity to the next , scorpio . you need to take a break from time to time . you have all the energy you need , but you should think about relaxing yourself as a whole . your body may need its batteries recharged . pretty soon you will be in the thick of the action and you will need all the energy you can get . $ today 's planetary positions urge you to assert yourself , scorpio , but take care not to take this encouragement too far . you tend to go a bit overboard when making a point . there are times ( and this is one ) when subtlety is more powerful . try being low key and open rather than uptight and defensive . you have a warm personality , so why not let others experience it ? $ today you will be able to explore the power of your emotions . do not try and fight what you call your oversensitivity . a force from childhood will permeate you and help you to find out what your real needs are . should not you think about staying away from people who influence you a little too much ? think about it and go with your emotions . $ listen to what other people say to you today , scorpio . there are valuable experiences waiting around the corner . the important thing to do now is recognize opportunities when they arise . the road to success is not always well marked . take a chance on the road with no signs at all . you have the courage and pioneering spirit to pursue the adventurous route , so go for it . $ you may feel a bit sluggish today , scorpio . your warrior spirit would rather stay home on the couch than get up and fight . this is fine . you may simply need a break from your quest for world domination . remember that a good leader also takes the time to sit back and reflect on recent events in order to make better plans for the future . $ there 's a carefree , almost childlike atmosphere to today that suits you just fine , scorpio . you 've been working extraordinarily hard lately and need to relax and unwind a bit . this is a day for doing cartwheels across an open field . you are not the only one who feels this way - it 's positively contagious . make the most of this wonderful feeling . this is a day for play not work . $ get excited because this is going to be one great day ! everything will go your way . it will seem as if you simply cannot lose . at work , team members look to you as the leader . at home , family members express gratitude and affection . you may be tempted to try this luck at the casino , but do not be impulsive . you 're already a winner . you 've earned this shining moment . $ now is not the time to prove to people that you 're the boss , scorpio . they would surely become defensive . you 're much better off taking a sensitive , nurturing approach on a day like today . focus your fire internally and use it to drive your own engine . do not run over anyone else in the process or try to run their engine for them . $ there 's a lethargic pace to the day that might leave you frustrated , scorpio . it may seem as if things are not progressing as quickly as you 'd like . do not be seduced by the idea that everything needs to get done sooner . faster is not necessarily better . focus on quality and efficiency . examine what could be considered wasteful action . streamline your daily routine . $ you tend to think of yourself as a lone warrior , scorpio . today your efforts over the last few weeks pay off . you 've found your place in a group of people . you may even call it a family . you now have a place to come home to , whether it 's to celebrate your victories or lick your wounds . if you could just open up to other people , you 'd soon find that you have more than one safe haven . $ it 's time to take some time out of your busy day for your personal life , scorpio . one of your family members or friends may need to talk to you , and you need to listen attentively to what they have to say . you need to use all your wonderful energy to get down to the heart of the matter . who knows ? you may discover some hidden treasures along the way . $ the planetary aspects are going to have a big impact on you today , scorpio . this is not the time to fear the future . rather , it 's a time to make it happen . the action you take right now will be instrumental in your future . will there be enough of us walking toward the future ? scorpio will be at the head of the pack in any case , as always . $ there 's a need for decisive action today , scorpio , and you 're the one fit for the job . strong wills and forceful opinions will win out . others are not likely to be easily manipulated . everyone has a voice , and they will not be afraid to use it . make sure that you speak up on your behalf or your best interests may be lost . stand up for yourself . it 's now or never . $ you may feel a bit lazy and unmotivated today , scorpio . it could be hard to drag yourself out of bed . in terms of love and romance , there 's apt to be some tension , as one part of you wants to make plans while another part is feeling up in the air and in the clouds . these two different viewpoints might make it difficult to make a move in any one direction . $ take a step back today , scorpio , and sink into a light and dreamy fantasy world that is pleasing to you . you will find that beautiful objects and sweet fragrances catch your attention . go shopping or indulge in a gourmet meal . the time is right to keep things open and social . have fun and focus on your partnerships with others instead of your tendency to lead or dominate . $ watch out for a jolt in the action , scorpio , as someone close to you puts on the brakes in a relationship . there could be conflicts based on a need for more structure and stability in the partnership . the imbalance between having fun and taking care of practical matters is currently working to slowly destroy the good thing that you have going . nip this problem in the bud . $ issues may be clouded today , scorpio . the things that seem real may actually be illusions . you might find that you feel a bit more reserved than usual and that you want to hold tight to your material possessions for comfort . keep in mind that other people are extremely important to you now and you would benefit greatly by offering your hand to those who are less fortunate . $ your emotions may feel restricted today , scorpio . you may feel bad about something you did in the past . somehow your heart is not able to let it go . work to overcome this by realizing that this is only a briefly passing trend and that you probably are feeling much worse about the situation than necessary . do not be so hard on yourself . $ you will experience an intense amount of energy today , scorpio . your dream state will be more active than usual , and you will find that people are drawn to you like moths to light . make sure you keep your fiery emotions in balance and do not cross any boundaries with others . people have limits , and it 's important that you honor theirs as well as your own . $ you should be in a warm and romantic mood today , scorpio . you will want to schedule an intimate evening with your partner , but you probably will not feel like staying in . you desire an evening out , perhaps to a restaurant , concert , or play . regardless of how you usually feel , tonight you will not have any reservations about showing affection in public . enjoy your evening . $ your sensitivity is especially heightened today , scorpio . you 're in tune with your emotions and more sensitive to your dreams . realize the importance of friendship and show someone you care by initiating an outing or intimate dinner at your home . you have greater self - awareness , as well as the energy to get things done . fantasy worlds may come to life if you let them . watch out for overindulgence . $ your financial success over the past several weeks may seem too good to be true , scorpio . it might make yet another leap forward . this should make you happy . it also could bring up your insecurity over whether or not this cycle will continue . it probably will for a while . it might be a good idea to save or invest you money , just so you can feel more secure in the future . $ even though everything is going well for you , scorpio , a sudden upset of some kind , probably involving money , could throw you into a momentary panic . you may wonder if your good fortune is going to end as quickly as it began . this probably is not the case . the situation is temporary . with a little effort , you should be able to straighten everything out and put yourself back on track . $ today you might not feel secure about your financial situation , scorpio , and get a little nervous . disconcerting information in the news about the general state of the world economy might have planted some unsettling seeds in your mind . on the whole , you should be pretty financially stable now , and this trend is likely to continue . check out the facts before giving in to panic . $ you may experience increased physical and mental activity today . perhaps you will have to do a lot of reading or writing very quickly , make a number of phone calls , or run more errands than you have time for . this can prove frustrating and overwhelming , but if you plan carefully , scorpio , you should be able to get it all done on schedule . get busy and go to it . $ new friends , new goals , and new attitudes could all appear on the scene , scorpio . unexpected developments within a group are likely to require reevaluating a course of action . this is probably a positive development , and it could be exciting , but it 's going to mean some immediate adjustments . as your mental energy is still sharp , this should not be too difficult . $ worries about money might plague you today , scorpio . they might have little , if any , basis in fact , as you 're probably fretting over possibilities that are not likely to ever manifest . a little caution with regard to budgeting and spending today certainly will not hurt you . it 's best to be objective and see the situation as it really is . otherwise , you could make yourself crazy over nothing . $ today you should feel especially optimistic and enthusiastic , scorpio , although you may not know why , at least at first . later in the day some good news could come your way , possibly involving business and money . this should tell you that you were intuitively picking up on something wonderful . as a matter of fact , your intuition should be high for most of the day . make it work for you . $ communications with friends should go well , scorpio . you have what it takes to express yourself clearly and honestly and give information without confusing the issue . group activities or work done in the company of others could bring the results you want . you might have to spend a lot of time on the phone or on the computer sending email , but you will get a lot done . $ expect a busy day , scorpio . you 're likely to spend a lot of time in the car running errands and paying visits , perhaps related to projects . a number of phone calls might have to be made to friends or members of a group with which you 're affiliated . this might involve sharing good news or exciting information that can lead to intriguing conversations . the day could be stimulating as well as busy . $ today you could resolve to work harder than ever on whatever it is that brings the results you hope for , scorpio . this is likely to involve nothing more glamorous than practical tasks , such as getting paperwork out of the way . nonetheless , by the end of the day you should feel satisfied with your accomplishments . if nothing else , it should free you for more interesting chores . $ if you 've been hoping for a lucky break , scorpio , this is the day it might come , especially if it involves love and romance . or you might have been hoping for acknowledgment on the job , in the field of education , or by someone who means a lot to you . whatever breaks come your way are likely to move you emotionally . you will not be the same . have a great day . $ you may find it hard to take a realistic approach to your emotions today , scorpio . a sensitive issue may pull on you , leaving you feeling like you 're out in left field in the way you relate to others . you might want to consider letting someone else take the lead for once , allowing you to regain your equilibrium before the next decision needs to be made . $ today you might be constantly engaged in deep , intense thought , scorpio . there probably is not a specific matter that you 're concerned about , but you may find that a number of different fragments of information capture your attention and get your mind going . do not write this off as crazy behavior . write down your thoughts . they may prove useful later . $ there 's someone you 've wanted to meet for a long time , scorpio , and today you might have the opportunity to introduce yourself . this could be a potential romantic interest , a teacher you 've wanted to study with , or someone interesting you might like for a friend . sparks are apt to fly between you . do not hesitate , for this encounter could affect the rest of your life in some profound way . $ this is your lucky day , scorpio , and you can expect all sorts of wonderful surprises . you may enjoy a financial surprise or someone could propose an interesting and potentially lucrative project . take advantage of any opportunities that come your way today , as all signs indicate that new ventures will ultimately prove quite profitable . $ has the opposite sex always been so attractive ? today they seem especially so , scorpio , and capture your attention right and left . one person , in particular , you 've always considered a platonic friend , but today seems interested in you romantically . perhaps this person is just picking up on your vibes . he or she may make a wonderful partner , so do not immediately dismiss the idea . $ the day ahead will reenergize you after these last few days of apathy , scorpio . anyone who tries to hold you back today had better watch out , because you will not be in the mood to tolerate any objections . you refuse to be restrained . this is an excellent time to reinforce your reputation as an excellent coach . it 's clear to all that you 're the captain of your crew . $ today you might have thoughts of expanding your horizons , perhaps on a monumental level , scorpio . you might consider traveling or even moving to a distant place . returning to school for an advanced degree could also be a possibility . your mind could be on expansion less for financial gain than for personal growth . this is good , because the latter often leads to the former . go for it . $ group activities or social events could put you in contact with a new , exciting person . you could feel a strong physical and romantic attraction , scorpio . if you are not currently involved - and perhaps even if you are - this might be worth pursuing . the attraction is reciprocated . you will probably share interests and be able to talk for hours . be cautious but confident . go for it , but slowly . $ an upset between you and a friend might cause you to wonder what you did wrong , scorpio . chances are you were just in the wrong place at the wrong time . your friend may have money problems and be too embarrassed to talk about it . wait a few days and call again to see how things are . your friend will feel more like talking , and all should be ok between you . $ romance could be on your mind today , scorpio . this could be due to a recent wonderful encounter with a love partner . since then , listening to romantic music may have enhanced your feelings . you will want to schedule another meeting , but you might hold back because you do not want to seem pushy . go ahead and call your friend . you might be pleasantly surprised by the response . $ a high level of self - confidence and optimism should stay with you throughout the day , scorpio . your energy is good , as is your enthusiasm . the success and good fortune that have been coming your way are likely to stay with you . you may have just been blessed with more money and happiness . of course , this feeling is also likely to attract more friends . make the most of it ! $ your innate sense of adventure is active today , scorpio . travel is on your mind . you and some friends may kick around ideas for an unconventional trip to an exotic place , such as sailing to tahiti . the urge could pass , but it might not . do some research and find out what your options really are . it might not work out as you visualized , but a little adventure could do you some good . $ is there a secret you 're obsessed with unveiling , scorpio ? something strange could be going on in your neighborhood , or it might be an intellectual puzzle . whatever it is , you 're determined to discover the truth . you may do things you would not normally do . do not be too pushy with questions . confine your research to books , newspapers , and the web . you can find a few clues without alienating anyone . $ today you might feel the need to get as much done as possible . you 're especially energetic , scorpio , and you have stamina and focus , and so you should be able to accomplish whatever you want . tasks and chores you may have put off finally get done today . do not work too hard , however . you will want to save some energy for tomorrow . $ intuition and imagination combine with good common sense to enable you to accomplish just about anything today , scorpio . if you 're into the arts , ideas could come to you in profusion . it will be easy to bring them into reality with a stroke of the pen or brush . the only problem might be deciding among them . it might be a good idea to sequester yourself and concentrate on your work . $ a subject that fascinates you could occupy much of your time today , scorpio . questions may arise about this subject that you want answered now . therefore , you could get into some in - depth research . this might have you trapped in the library or glued to the internet until you either find what you want or pick up a few leads to places where you might find it . $ temporary upsets regarding money might result from a computer failure of some sort . take care not to lose your temper over it , scorpio . instead , remain calm , focused , and polite until everything is worked out . your financial condition itself still looks very promising . it 's just that the planetary energies do not favor machines today , so they may all go out of whack . hang in there . $ good fortune continues to come your way , scorpio , and your life may finally seem to be moving in the direction you wanted . today , however , you may feel frustrated by a lot of minor , if somewhat bizarre , upsets . dropping things , losing objects you just had in your hand , forgetting names - just about anything could happen . try to see the humor in it and stay cool . $ members of your household may feel a bit restless today , and therefore might spend most of their time out and about . you might take advantage of everyone 's absence to catch up on work you need to do alone , scorpio . this is going to be a busy day with lots of outside contact . visitors might drop by and the phone could ring constantly . do not be surprised if you do not get much done . $ it may be difficult to get people to listen to you at the moment , scorpio . the people around you may even be annoyed at hearing all of your new ideas . the stars are pushing you to change your tactics before you alienate everyone . you will not get anywhere unless you 're cleverer about getting your ideas across . be subtle and you will have more success . $ if people say that you 're stubborn when you 're just determined , let them talk , scorpio , and do what you need to do . however , when you think you 're being determined but you 're actually being obstinate , you may want to listen to the people around you . they do not tell you to calm down because they 're jealous of you but because they care about you . they may not know that you hate to lose . $ for a while now , you 've wanted to change something about your lifestyle or behavior toward the people you love , scorpio . you want your life to go in a new direction , but you do not want to upset the people around you . maybe your friends and family want the same thing for you . do away with your preconceived notions about things and let yourself go with this idea . $ logical and focused thinking could lead to social , career , or financial advancement . your organizational ability and industry are keener than usual , scorpio . you 're likely to be able to make sense of murky matters that might not have been clear before . paperwork could prove challenging , but you will be able to get through it today where yesterday you might have found it too daunting . $ scorpio , you probably feel especially sexy and passionate now . you may enjoy browsing through catalogues of rich fabrics or furniture . erotic novels could also appeal to you . if you 're currently involved , you may want to spend the evening alone with your partner . if you are not , do not be surprised if you attract someone new . either way , you will draw admiring glances from strangers . $ if you do not understand something , ask , scorpio . if it looks different to you , ask why that is . your curiosity is high , especially when it comes to the unconventional , and even more if it 's revolutionary . the rebel in you will feel new purpose , and you may be tempted to throw a stick in the spokes of an old carriage that continues to head down the same old boring path . $ this is one day in which your heart pounds with excitement . for some reason , scorpio , there 's a quiet voice inside warning that you may be getting yourself into a great deal of trouble . an enthusiastic approach toward love may be necessary , but this may not be the best day to act . people are too sensitive and not necessarily that impressed with your potentially abrasive demeanor . $ a dream or insight might find you questioning one of your long - held goals , scorpio . perhaps you 've formulated another goal you like better , or you 're beginning to doubt the workability of the old one . this probably is not a good day to make a decision of any sort . your thinking may not be as rational as it usually is . write down your options and return to it in a day or two . $ you will enjoy a great deal of affection from others today , scorpio . you radiate an air of love and beauty . love will come in strong , erratic bursts and you should be on the alert to expect the unexpected . new people will pop out of the woodwork to share their feelings . all group activities are favored , and you 're sure to be the life of any party . $ heightened mental powers might make you spend a lot of time reading or doing research of some kind , scorpio . your curiosity is especially sharp right now . you might even consider advancing your education somehow , especially since new interests have been popping up for some time . new friends in fascinating fields might also have started you thinking . this is a good time to look into this . $ you might reflect on recent successes in business and money and suddenly feel a strong sense of gloom , wondering if it 's going to continue . do not panic , scorpio . it is not a vision of the future . it 's only a temporary feeling . work it off through exercise or throw yourself into a task . meditation could also help . get the endorphins going and your optimism and enthusiasm should return . $ some important plans , perhaps for a vacation or involving education in some way , could be temporarily blocked by circumstances beyond your control , scorpio . this can cause considerable upset and might even set your temper on edge . you may be tempted to take your frustrations out on others . it would be far more productive to find ways to make your plans work , even if there 's a delay . go to it . $ ancient social traditions could be a powerful part of your day , scorpio . an emotional event concerning your family - wedding , christening , or other milestone - could especially move you . in the rush of social interactions , you will probably keep a tight rein on the expression of your feelings . keeping up appearances could be more important to you than usual . do it , but be yourself . $ there 's a conservative veil over your emotions , scorpio . issues from the past might arise and rub you the wrong way . you move onward and upward by nature , plowing ahead without thinking of the consequences . today you might be a bit more sober than usual . look at what 's worked in the past in terms of keeping your fiery emotions intact . try not to resent the past but learn from it . $ love takes on an idealized and fairytale aura today , scorpio , as you and a current or potential partner spend time alone , talking or just enjoying being together . the warmth , affection , and high regard you have for each other are apparent to everyone . the nice thing about it is that these feelings are likely to last . look forward to many such days . $ are you expecting an important communication , perhaps business related , scorpio ? if it comes today , it will probably come late . if you feel you must sit around and wait for it , find something else to do in the meantime or you will drive yourself crazy . if it do not arrive by the end of the day , resign yourself to waiting . do not panic . it will come soon enough . $ do not act impulsively today , scorpio . it could be easy to confuse this with spontaneity . one has more thought put into it than the other . with this day 's influence , be certain to look before you leap . think everything through , from decisions to projects to contracts . read the fine print more than once . when it comes to relationships , be careful not to trust too quickly . $ it could be easy to get carried away today , scorpio . you might get caught up in some excitement or base your decisions on another 's word . you need to use your head on a day like this . double - check everything and moderate your activities . keep your limitations in mind . there 's nothing that says you cannot do whatever it is that catches your eye . just use caution and stay safe . $ today , scorpio , you may think about competition and possible future goals . imagining and dreaming can serve you well . what did you dream about as a kid ? who did you want to become ? are you close to this in your life now ? if not , is this all right for you ? take time to think such things through and , if need be , get back on the right track . $ if you 've been feeling tired or sick lately , this will probably turn around for you , scorpio . you may often experience moodiness , and this can be a real drain . your emotional state can affect how your body feels . be sure to take care of your feelings as well as your body . if there are things that need to be worked out , take care of them today . the two really do go together . $ check out advancing your career or education today , scorpio . the energy can favor expansion and growth . when was the last time you learned a new skill ? it do not have to be work related . if flower arranging , skydiving , or massage therapy is something that appeals to you , go for it . never stop looking for ways to expand your knowledge . $ your ability to find innovative approaches to tasks may serve you well today , scorpio . today is full of added energy and mental acuity . you will find that most things come easily . with detail - oriented projects , take extra time to think of the possibilities . try to see things from all angles . there may be far more choices than you thought . make the most of this by jotting down your random ideas . $ a small crisis is still a crisis , is not it , scorpio ? you can expect one in your personal life today . since you are not the kind of person who lets issues go unresolved , you will not be able to put off dealing with your problems any longer . are responsibilities shared equally with your partner ? are you each making an equal effort to maintain harmony ? asking the questions is the first step to answering them . $ bonding is today 's keyword , scorpio . relations with close friends should be enhanced by increased communication , perhaps some fascinating conversations about new ideas and exciting world events . this new intellectual rapport could bring you closer than you were before . romantic relationships , in particular , intensify through newly discovered mutual interests , perhaps involving foreign cultures . $ this is a terrific day for you , scorpio . you will find that your mind and your urge for action are on the same page . the fire within you is raging hot . use this aggressive internal urge to tackle projects that require courage , strength , and a flair for the dramatic . you will find that you 're more than able to accomplish everything you want to accomplish today . $ be careful that you are not manipulating a romantic situation so your partner loses any power , scorpio . you may think your actions are noble and well meaning , but you may be creating a scenario that has no basis in reality . people could be impressionable , but that do not mean you should take advantage of this by promoting your own interests at the expense of another 's . $ creative energy , especially involving writing or speaking , could overflow today . ideas could come thick and fast , scorpio , and you might want to phone some friends and discuss your thoughts . this is probably going to bring even more information your way for your mind to process ! write down what interests you most , and take a walk to clear your head . tomorrow it should all be clearer to you . $ a lecture given by a magnetic speaker could excite your imagination and interest you in a new and intriguing field , scorpio . you could also learn about some books on the subject that you want to read . this could give you new motivation to pursue some cherished goals that you 've let slide for a while , perhaps inspiring some writing of your own . friends could prove supportive in this enterprise . $ sudden opportunities for advancement may come your way today , scorpio . innovative ideas may have paved the way for you , so your skills and abilities are appreciated now . a new awareness of your objectives has made your own path clearer to you , and you may be ready to make your plans a reality . do not be afraid to take the lead if necessary . you 're a natural leader ! $ today it may seem like you 're trapped in a power struggle that you cannot get out of , scorpio . the problem is that this struggle may have very little to do with you and your actions . there 's a strong , limiting force that is asking you to slow down . try your best not to get involved with conflicts that do not concern you . $ there 's an emotional , sensual feeling to the day that is sure to tickle your heart , scorpio . try not to be too abrasive when dealing with others . the more serene you can be , the more doors you will be able to walk through . be patient and do not feel like you need to be first in line . if you are not sure of a situation , do not jump in headfirst . $ this could be a hectic day , scorpio . you will probably try to go too many places and do too many things at once . friends might want to get together , but you may have a lot of errands to take care of . it might be a good idea to assess what needs to be done and take care of it in order of urgency . that 's the only way you can stay sane ! $ today you 're likely to feel rather bored , restless , and frustrated with the way your life is going now , scorpio . you have responsibilities that need meeting , yet you have other projects that interest you a lot more than mundane tasks . as a result , you might find yourself growing a bit impatient with those around you . do not take your frustrations out on others ! remember , this , too , shall pass . $ you take great pleasure in a neat , organized house , scorpio . in your mind , cleanliness really is next to godliness . today you may be dismayed by how rundown your home has become . it 's time for some clearing out , dusting , and scrubbing . do this yourself rather than hiring help . you will be pleasantly surprised at how much it helps you clear your head . $ more than one call could come today with absolutely wonderful news ! exciting and wonderful changes are in the wind , scorpio , but you need to bear in mind that with the good news comes the unknown . your life may be turned upside down . consider if you really want to stay in the same rut for the rest of your life . gird your loins and look forward to an adventure ! $ a place far away that you have not visited for a while yet long to see again could be on your mind today , scorpio . you might toy with the idea of going there , but you are not really sure if you can . nonetheless , it certainly will not hurt to look into it . what 's the plane fare ? where can you stay ? learning these facts might help later when it comes time to make the decision . $ some misunderstandings could cause confusion at home today , scorpio . your natural tact and diplomacy will certainly come in handy . artistically , you may be inspired to work on a painting or short story that 's been in your head for a while . even though you do not pay much attention to your artistic abilities , they may be responsible for some new career opportunities coming your way . $ some intense conversations could take place between you and a group of friends , scorpio . these people may not be close friends when you meet up with them , but by the end of the day some of them certainly could be . you share a lot of interests with these people , you think along the same lines , and you enjoy each other 's company . you will definitely see them again . $ today you might feel as though your mind is exploding , scorpio . if you 've been studying an intellectual or spiritual subject , insights could be coming thick and fast . concepts that never made sense to you before suddenly seem clear . you will need to write them down , because even an elephant would not be able to remember this many ideas and revelations . make the most of them ! $ today you might give some thought to career matters , scorpio . you 're probably trying to brainstorm ingenious ways to advance professionally and increase your income . a number of different options might present themselves , some workable , some not . it might not be easy to put them into action , but keep trying . obstacles always arise when you 're trying something new . you will get there . $ romance is in the air , scorpio , filtering your vision with a rosy light . you 're in love with the world today , and you 're most especially in love with your partner . if you do not already have a partner , you may meet him or her today . since you never know when or where , make sure to look your best throughout the day . $ it 's apparent that something underhanded and unethical is occurring at your job today , scorpio . co - workers could try to manipulate situations and take advantage of proprietary information to use to their own benefit . steer clear of office politics and refrain from participating in any gossip . trust your instincts . you know who can and who cannot be trusted . $ your sense of adventure is in full swing today , scorpio . new and unusual pastimes , travel to exotic places , meeting new and interesting people - all should be on your mind . friends could call to propose enticing last - minute excursions . go ! you need an outlet for this feeling or your nerves might be on edge for several days . $ a period of great inner transformation and powerful upheaval in your outer life is coming upon you now , scorpio . a part of you wants to welcome it and charge ahead , while another part holds back , possibly out of fear or lack of self - confidence . while resistance can delay the change , it cannot stop it . it might be best to continue forward in spite of misgivings . hang in there ! $ you might be a bit jittery , even without caffeine , scorpio . sudden actions may cause people to freak out , since people will be on edge in general today anyway . save the surprises for another time . if you need to tell your boss that you 're going on vacation for a little while , now is not the time . there 's a rough edge to the astral energy . relax to soothe your soul . $ this is truly a day of new beginnings , scorpio . you can start a fresh cycle of emotions and understanding that can help you develop the quality and depth of your relationships . note that all levels of your relationships will be affected in some way . take time to consider the fact that you 're at the starting line . focus and align yourself with your goals and the people who can help you meet them . $ a number of different and unexpected professional and personal possibilities might have you a bit confused about which way you want to go , scorpio . you may face a choice of some kind , but right now you are not really sure about the direction you want to take . do not rush it . it is not necessary to do it all today . wait a few days , consider your options and then make your decision . $ today , scorpio , your mind may turn toward deep subjects . you could explore the sciences , psychology , the occult , or metaphysics . you will probably discover some new facts or ideas that could keep your mind occupied for hours . needless to say , you will spend much of your time alone exploring these themes . you might also want to write down your insights and revelations to study later . $ this is one of those days in which you cannot figure out what to order for dinner . you 're the official owner of the cloudy head today , scorpio . you 're waiting at the deli counter trying to figure out what you want and when it 's your turn to order , you 've already forgotten . your emotions may be so tied up in your brain that you cannot think straight . try to mellow out and watch a movie . $ your sex drive is apt to be strong today . this could be the only thing on your mind , scorpio . every person you see may stir feelings in you , even though you may already be committed to someone . if you are not in a relationship , this is the time to make a move . your desire for love is strong , so you should take action . $ you can rely on your good luck to pull you out of difficult situations today , scorpio . this is one day when you can launch yourself headfirst without worrying too much about the outcome . there 's a great deal of positive energy on your side that you may not even be able to see right now . trust that whatever you undertake will work out fortuitously for you in the long run . $ adventure is the word for today , scorpio . a lot of physical and mental energy , as well as enthusiasm , might lead you to aim for goals that others consider too risky or unrealistic . do not let their opinions stop you . after giving each idea an objective assessment , if you still believe you want to try , start looking into it seriously . people have probably made stranger dreams than this come true ! $ try not to be overwhelmed by the frenzied activity around you , scorpio . unexpected variables are popping up everywhere , and your first reaction may be to flip out . this is the opposite reaction that you need to have now . calm yourself down and take small bites . do not try to eat the whole eight - course meal in one five - minute sitting . $ you 're apt to move in and out of sync with people today , scorpio . at first it may seem quite natural and easy to be in your situation , then the next minute you feel alone and uncomfortable . understand that it 's fine to have two conflicting feelings at the same time . learn to relate to and embrace both frames of mind . recognize them as important parts of your personality . $ the near future looks great for you , with auspicious omens for success and good fortune regarding career and money . all the hard work that you 've done in the past may finally be paying off . advancement is on the horizon , as well as increased income and much happiness . all signs are that you will not stop there . you 're more likely to continue working toward new , more challenging goals . $ try not to be too swayed by your emotions today , scorpio . you might get in trouble if you get carried away with a drama that do not pertain to you in any way . your connection to other people 's feelings could draw you into a maelstrom . keep in mind that your imagination is your life raft . do what you can to distance yourself from the emotional trauma that surrounds you . $ be prepared for an emotional backlash that 's likely today if you get too possessive about your romantic partner , scorpio . issues about freedom versus commitment could arise whether you 're involved in a close relationship or not . perhaps these feelings are simply internal and you 're trying to figure out your position on the matter before you proceed . $ scorpio , you 're looking forward to making a new start . your intellect is working in harmony with your intuition . your mind is clearer and more focused than it was , and you 're thinking of expanding your horizons and creating new career opportunities for yourself . you 're feeling passionate about life , ready to face just about anything . the only challenge right now is to stay grounded in reality . $ emotionally , you should be feeling quite good today , scorpio . this is important since you may get thrown off balance by a strange , unexpected force . the more stable you are on the inside , the less disruption this foreign energy will cause . keep in mind that unexpected things usually happen for a reason . there might be a key opportunity waiting for you now . $ fire up your energy today , scorpio , and demonstrate your power to conquer . create a bonfire of activity that gives off a great deal of heat to the people around you . some might not be able to stand too close now . do not worry - that 's their problem , not yours . the key for you now is to be yourself . in this way , you will attract those who enjoy the intense heat . $ you 're apt to feel emotionally brave today , scorpio , so take advantage of this feeling by extending it to the people around you . try not to get anxious or jump ahead of yourself . enjoy where you are at this very moment . do not get stressed about things you feel you need to do . be happy with yourself regardless of what you end up accomplishing . $ you 're thinking about your future career development , scorpio , and you are not happy with your current situation . advancement is on your mind . perhaps you seek a promotion or you want another job or you prefer to change careers entirely . this is the time to get your head together and firm up your plans . success is on the horizon , but only if you work toward it . $ a quarrel with a friend might put you in the position of having to lay all your cards on the table and tell him or her exactly how you feel . it is not always easy to be so frank , scorpio , but today the strength of your sincerity should impress your friend and make your friendship stronger . your honesty can also prove beneficial when it comes to starting , working toward , or completing long - term goals . $ are you working on something that requires in - depth research , scorpio ? if so , this is the day to dig in . your mind and eyes are especially sharp right now , and you 're likely to catch details that you might miss under normal circumstances . whatever you 're doing , you will probably find it fascinating , like putting together pieces of a puzzle . take occasional breaks or you risk eyestrain . $ it looks as though your ship is about to come in , scorpio . it 's likely that you will receive a letter or call alerting you to good financial news . your mind may immediately begin to spin with ways to spend this windfall . take care not to go on any shopping sprees . if invested wisely , this money could last a lifetime . $ so many fascinating ideas have come your way over the past few days that your mind is spinning . some of what you 've heard could be so radical that it will take some time to make sense of it . you could also want to memorialize your thoughts , perhaps by making some notes or writing an article . watching tv might get your mind off it all and help you relax a little . go to it ! $ your mental powers should be especially acute today , scorpio . your mind will be quick and receptive and your communicative abilities exceptionally sharp . you feel on top of the world , as though you could sell anything to anybody ! make the most of this surge of intellectual power by beginning any new projects you 've been considering . $ a longtime friend may become something more today , scorpio . it could be that there has always been a certain spark between you , but you have not been able to acknowledge it until now . make extra sure that the time is right , however . you do not want to hurt anyone else 's feelings as you begin to explore the new aspects of this old relationship . $ money matters might be a bit tangled today , scorpio . there may be an unexpected delay in receiving funds due you . your bank statement may have you confused . getting to the bottom of things may prove a bit frustrating but not necessarily impossible . if you find that you 're uncertain about your financial situation , consider talking with those involved to get a better understanding . $ your optimistic nature has served you well . this quality makes you a great manager since you can motivate and inspire co - workers . today you may be recognized for your leadership abilities and can - do attitude . your reward might be a promotion or bonus , or perhaps another project even more challenging than the last . your career efforts bring you success . you have a lot to celebrate , scorpio ! $ are you upset over money , scorpio ? try to be rational . your concerns are probably far more negative than the reality of the situation . be objective and go over your budget to learn the facts . by the time you cover everything , you should be more than relieved . it 's nothing you cannot handle easily . put it behind you for now and go out with some friends . $ this is the day to listen and observe , scorpio . there is a lot to learn from what 's going on around you . you might be surprised at the impact of it . too much talk now could prove fruitless and even set you back in some way , especially if talk is used to hide your insecurities . keep your eyes and ears open . tomorrow you can share what you learn . $ although your general mood is good , scorpio , this do not mean your day will go off without a hitch . when it comes to projects and getting things done , you may be the one to take the lead . you 're good at motivating the troops to move as a unified force . the one thing to be careful of is having selfish motives . if you do not consider the needs of others , there will be mutiny on your ship . $ the active and receptive natures of your being are coming together , scorpio . there 's a balance between these two aspects . you 're able to attract the prosperity and love you desire by the way in which you handle yourself around others . today is about the equilibrium between give and take . make sure there 's a healthy balance between you and your loved ones . $ turn over a new leaf with your loved ones today , scorpio . infuse something new into the relationship . add a new wave of tenderness and sensuality to the dynamic . if something annoys you about the relationship , do not confront it abrasively and cause the other person 's defensive walls to go up . be tactful and loving in your approach and you will get the same in return . $ combine your discipline and expansiveness today and see what manifests . concentrate on your investments and home . the energy of the day is quite powerful and not something to be taken lightly . you may have much greater control than you realize . understand that you have to be the one to take the initiative in order to activate the magic of today . $ today you might feel the urge to get all unfinished work done , scorpio . you could suddenly be in a frenzy to work quickly but perhaps not as conscientiously as you should . you may spend a lot of time going through paperwork and discarding what 's outdated . it might be a better idea to slow down a little and look closely at what you 're doing . you will not want to throw out something you may need later . $ it 's an excellent day , but be careful not to go overboard . you might be tempted to think that minor financial difficulties are already behind you . alas , they are not . what you do today provides the blueprint for your future . continued efforts to stabilize your behavior will provide the future security you desire . $ the forecast for you is excellent , scorpio . you can rely on today 's aspects to restore your confidence , which has been sorely tried in the past few days . the warrior of seduction within you can swagger forth , certain of conquest . however , do not go too far . wait a few days for reality to dispel the cloud of ecstasy and you will be able to see the future more clearly . $ social contact with new and exciting people , scorpio , perhaps at a neighborhood gathering , could bring intriguing information your way . you could learn about new fields that interest you . there 's a possibility of a new potential romantic partner with whom you talk for hours . whether or not you choose to pursue this depends on your situation . at least you will have fun today . $ today you may feel especially sensual and passionate , scorpio . this is the perfect evening to schedule quality time with a current or potential love partner . you 're probably looking and feeling attractive , and this fact is not likely to be lost on your friend . scatter some pillows , add some flowers , put out some cheese , fruit , and white wine , and be prepared for anything ! $ a friend or relative could be ill , out of work , or otherwise beset by problems . you may want to do whatever you can to help out . this could be frustrating , but you will feel better for having done what you can . this person needs to face and deal with his or her responsibilities . they 're out of your control to fix , scorpio . $ if you 've been feeling like you want to do more to help the world , scorpio , today is the day to put those thoughts into action . there is a lot you can do locally . sign up to help out one morning per week at a soup kitchen , or volunteer to help a child learn to read . by touching the life of just one person you have an impact on many . do not discount the power of a single act of generosity . $ today you 're bursting at the seams with energy and enthusiasm . your personal and professional lives are going well , so it 's no wonder you feel joyful . the only downside is that you may be overwhelmed by work responsibilities . certainly there 's a lot to do , but you 're up to the task . buckle down and put in a last burst of effort so you can enjoy your evening free of guilt . $ doubts about a friend may plague you today , scorpio . did this person borrow money ? promise to do you a favor ? can you depend on this person ? the best way to judge is by their track record . if they 've been undependable in the past , chances are they might be again . it might be best for you to turn to someone else . today , at least , your friend is best left in the clouds . $ you may be anxious to get some new projects underway today , scorpio , even though they are not necessarily ready or well thought out . you must first learn that patience is key . jumping the gun could cause a false start that disqualifies you from the race . avoid this fate by playing it cool and laying low . keep your big guns under wraps for now . you do not need to bring out all the heavy artillery yet . $ are all of your friends into astrology , divine science , or spiritual matters , scorpio ? it might seem like most of them are today , anyway . you may have many new friends in those fields . you have a lot to learn from all of them , and even more that you can learn together . a giant spurt of personal growth is right around the corner . $ communication with friends and lovers may be limited by emotional factors today , scorpio . you may have a tendency to overreact to casual comments that are probably innocent but that you misinterpret as offensive . quarrels over nothing could result , which could raise your blood pressure and stress level for no good reason . if ever there was a day to think before speaking , this is it . $ a sibling or neighbor might be compelled to move away , scorpio . this might be emotionally wrenching , and you could have a difficult conversation with this person . it is not always easy to let go of someone you care about , but this could be a valuable lesson in detachment . it will probably take you a while get used to the idea , though you still will not like it . hang in there ! $ you 're looking gorgeous today , scorpio , and have likely noticed the admiring glances you 've received . your passion is running high , and you may be able to spend this evening with a special someone . fulfill your romantic fantasies . light candles , use your best china , and dress with sensuality in mind . your partner will appreciate the effort . you 're bound to have a wonderful evening . $ what a day this could be , scorpio . you may get an unexpected raise that seems to manifest out of the blue . who knew it was possible ? you may have a close friend to thank . he or she may have been responsible for making sure you were in the right place at the right time . your life could change dramatically as a result . hold on for what is bound to be a wild ride ! $ just because your emotions are reserved or somber today do not mean you should not share them with others , scorpio . work through difficulties by processing your feelings and running them by someone close . keep your interaction limited to just one person at a time so you do not get overshadowed by a third party who wants to get their opinion in at the same time . $ this may not be your preferred way to spend the day , but it would be an ideal time to finish up tasks that have been piling up at home , scorpio . it would do you good to catch up on cleaning or get more organized around the house . yes , scorpio , that means throwing away last year 's newspapers and magazines . if you have not read them by now , you 're not likely to ! $ today , scorpio , you might want to make an unqualified declaration of love . that 's fine if you 've been involved for a while , although you could overwhelm your partner . if the relationship is new , beware ! this could feel like too much too soon . your friend could respond by backing away or even disappearing . use restraint or you might have the opposite effect to the one you want . $ you will feel especially close to family and friends today , scorpio . there 's a lot of positive energy in the air , and people feel optimistic and congenial . it 's a pleasure to be with your loved ones , and interactions with strangers have a lovely flavor as well . take advantage of the warm astral energy and plan a get - together with your favorite people . you will enjoy growing closer . $ this may seem odd , scorpio , but you may not be the person you think you are . there are indications that you have hidden talents . if they come out today , no one will be more shocked than you ! this could take your career in an entirely new direction . strategize ways to incorporate this talent into your career . your work will take on a new dynamic , and you will take a major leap forward . $ this is not a good time to make any big relationship decisions . if you 're thinking about starting a relationship , moving in together , or getting married , you may feel a bit troubled by your decision , scorpio . take advantage of the day to reevaluate things objectively . there may be some issues to resolve before you go any further . $ people can read you like a book today , scorpio . because of the current planetary positions , you 're a bit touchier than usual . your reactions to certain situations are written all over your face . you 're blushing and your hands are sweating and trembling . each of your gestures reveals emotion . this would be a great time to be in love . watch out for love at first sight ! $ with today 's planetary aspects , scorpio , you 're likely to feel a rush of love . this includes love for family , friends , partner , and all life forms . the reality of spiritual advancement through love is all around you . your artistic sensibilities are very high , so you might want to write , draw , or paint something that captures your thoughts and feelings . $ today you may see that nearly every couple you know is quarreling , scorpio . you may have a few differences with a current or potential partner , but this is nothing to worry about . you 're tense and edgy because of outside pressure , so your fuse might be a bit shorter than usual . try to stretch your patience a little further , just for today . all should be well by tomorrow . $ do not spend beyond your means today , scorpio ! if you happen to be in a crowd of enthusiastic shoppers , it could be disastrous for your wallet . you could yield to the prevailing spending mood all too easily ! on the other hand , perhaps you owe yourself a treat . if you feel this is the case , at least limit yourself a bit . $ you will not allow yourself to get sidetracked by minor things today , scorpio . you will get straight to the heart of the matter . there 's some likelihood that you have not considered your working conditions and instead you 're concentrating on the goal you 've set for yourself . when you set a goal , you 're a force to be reckoned with ! $ the day will come when an authority applauds you for your work or research . only then will you understand that you 've let yourself be fooled by society . much as you believe otherwise , society is not trying to stifle you or stop you from being you , scorpio . it 's true that pioneers often are not recognized until they can show some results . $ it may seem that you 've been accumulating a lot of excess nervous tension and stress , scorpio . unfortunately , you will not be able to count on the people around you to make it any better . what your partner wants and what you want may not coincide . it could be time to think about invigorating your relationship . how about planning a weekend away for just the two of you ? $ you have a nice day in store , scorpio . people may seem more attentive to your needs and generally very pleasant . you may not be used to this kind of treatment ! you feel more outgoing and sociable than ever . you could take advantage of the day 's tolerant atmosphere to meet people you may have been too afraid to introduce yourself to . they will surely have some new things to teach you . $ some unusual events could cause you to feel discontented from your life and contemplate some big changes , scorpio . money matters might need attention and could prove frustrating . outrageous ideas for improving your financial status could come to mind . make a list of options , then wait a few days before making serious plans . this is not the day to start anything new . $ passion and determination mark today . your energy should be high , scorpio , and you should feel strong and powerful . this is the perfect day to give whatever goals you 've been trying to accomplish that one last push toward completion . you may surprise yourself with the power and quality of your work and the positive attention your efforts receive . $ group activities or projects you 're working on with friends could prove inspiring today . your enthusiasm is high , scorpio , as is your energy , so you 're likely to want to channel your personal power into whatever goals you have . today you have the courage to focus on matters that others would not even attempt . move forward with caution , but go to it ! $ do not automatically assume that people are going to understand your needs , scorpio . your emotions may be powerful today , and you could end up scaring people away instead of drawing them closer simply because you act irrationally and emotionally instead of reasonably and civilly . be careful about targeting your frustration at the people who can help you the most . $ you 're getting support for and confidence from one aspect of your life and physical energy from another . even though the two areas may be in a point of conflict , scorpio , you have the ability to take the positive aspects from each and fuse them together to create something new or solve a problem . pool your resources and shift into high gear . the sky 's the limit . $ today can be a wonderfully productive day for you , scorpio , if you learn how to compromise . if you insist on doing things your way only , you will run into difficult emotional conflicts . realize that this can easily be avoided by joining hands with your partner and working together toward a common goal . there 's a great deal of energy here , so do not waste it on something insignificant . $ excess is the word for today , scorpio . you may feel overly optimistic and enthusiastic about everything , and you could throw yourself into it all a bit too eagerly . you could take on more than you can handle . there is the danger of tiring yourself out physically . you could also go the other way and become very lazy , not wanting to do much of anything . remember , moderation is the best approach . $ admit it , scorpio . you have a tendency to run away from conflict in relationships . this can get you into some complicated situations . you do not always dare say what you think , and this can block your energy and determination . try to stop yourself from running away today . take responsibility for your opinions . do not be afraid to voice them . $ your characteristic independence may play some tricks on you today , scorpio . what you say will not be approved of as easily as usual . even though you have quite a bit of freedom , there are others who assume that you feel you do not have enough . there 's no way to please everybody . this concern is their problem , not yours . do the people you associate with daily really understand who you are ? $ fear about your financial security could plague you today , scorpio . dissatisfaction with some of work you 've been doing and delays in reaching some of your goals might have you wondering what you could do better . doubts about a friend 's motives might cause you to waver in your trust of that person . take the time to consider everything objectively . all is probably not as it seems . $ science , space exploration , and certain other fields require the participation of all with a very strong team spirit . stubborn as you are , it do not make you the greatest specialist in group dynamics . certainly no one would ever accuse you of enjoying working in a group , unless you 're the one in charge . just such a miracle is possible , scorpio , provided you take the first step . $ you can expect to have to make a choice today related to your intimate relationships . you may have become aware that something is missing , either in your partner or yourself . today you will act on that awareness , but it may not be easy . the root of the problem could be an issue of independence and self - sufficiency . try to figure out the source of the problem before acting on it , scorpio . $ you will be happy to know that today contains the seeds of change for your love life , scorpio . beginning today and for the next month or so , you 're likely to be amazed by the turn of events in your relationships with others . the plot thickens as new people and groups emerge on your horizon . the aspect ahead is much less individualistic than usual . $ some upsetting news regarding money could throw you into a dither today , scorpio . perhaps a check you 've been expecting has not arrived on time . maybe the bank has made an error regarding your account . it is not anything that cannot be straightened out , though it 's going to be a pain making all the calls . basically , all should be going very well for you . this is only a temporary setback . $ you 'll wake up ready to take on the world , scorpio . excitement , enthusiasm , and purpose will fill your soul , yet you might wonder where it comes from , as nothing has changed since yesterday . do not waste time mulling over it - harness it ! tackle a class or exercise program . start a project . this energy is generated from deep in the subconscious , but should be channeled into the conscious world ! $ scorpio , do not be surprised if some of your fantasies and dreams are put on trial by a harsh force that cuts right to the truth of the matter . people may be extra passionate , and most are not going to be impressed with unrealistic plans . you can try your normal approach of simply ramming straight ahead with your plans , but a better approach might be to think first and be more strategic . $ continue slowly and steadily , scorpio . you may get all worked up over nothing because you want everything done at once ! it would be a good time to prioritize what you really want to do . be cautious of anything that distracts you . you have such a great desire to live through extraordinary experiences . give yourself the time to completely experience them ! $ you may feel like you 're on a road to adventure and excited about the frontiers you 're encountering , scorpio . unfortunately , it seems that not everyone is as excited about this path as you are . blows to your ego are apt to hit hard , but try not to let this deter you . this is more than likely a result of other people 's jealousy of your incredible strength and bravery . $ to fight or not to fight may be the question of the day , scorpio . your sensitive , feminine side is likely to say one thing while your masculine , combative side says another . the key is to not act hastily in any situation . make sure you proceed from a neutral platform instead of reacting from a point of aggression caused by someone else . $ the end of one cycle signals the beginning of a new one . today , you will embark on a new period of understanding that harmonizes your energies . you may have taken more risks than usual lately as you exposed emotions you normally keep hidden . did you overdo it or could you have gone even further out on that limb ? you have a period of clarity ahead to think about it . $ you may feel like a puppy that has been let outside for the first time , scorpio . the air is warm and you 're full of energy . you 're ready to run over the fields and hills . unfortunately , you 're tied to a stake and you cannot move beyond a ten - foot radius . your heart is ready to fly , but something beyond your control keeps you where you are . start chewing the rope . $ it 's a good day to speak your mind , scorpio . not that you generally have much trouble with this . but even you can face situations where you feel intimidated and hesitant to speak up . not today . there are not going to be any circumstances you cannot handle , because the astral energy will boost your abilities . if there 's someone you 've been reluctant to approach , make a move to talk to him or her . $ let your heart be the reassuring force in your life today if difficult emotional issues come to the surface , scorpio . your feelings are apt to be at a climactic point in your month . your general sensitivity toward the world is heightened . try not to get too weighed down by these inner stirrings . $ the forecast for you is excellent , scorpio . you can rely on today 's aspects to restore your self - confidence , which has been sorely tried during the past few days . the charismatic seducer in you can swagger forth , certain of conquest . however , do not go too far . wait a while for reality to dispel the cloud of ecstasy and you will be able to see the future more clearly . $ you might find it hard to make progress with your projects today , scorpio , especially if you need others ' help . there 's a stubborn quality to the day that 's causing things to get jammed up . when neither party budges , the result is chaos . you might have to give a little in order to get a little . be the first one to release your grip and things will run more smoothly . $ the current astral configuration implies that you have a chance to develop a relationship that is based on spiritual ideas and attitudes , rather than the more ego - based principles that usually dominate peoples lives together . you may have wanted a partnership in which you felt that you were literally growing with another person , so take the opportunity whilst you can , as you are now ready for the challenge . $ although you may find it difficult to string two sentences together , let alone describe to someone exceedingly attractive just how you are feeling , you may be required to do just that anyway . the current celestial energy implies that a misunderstanding may have occurred that requires some discussion . you will have to do the best you can , as to ignore it would not be wise . just do the best you can . $ you tune into your feelings that much more easily with the current planetary alignment . and this for you is quite a major feat , as you tend to stand back and ignore them completely , which often results in many complicated situations . even if you find it alarming to be in tune with your emotions about one person , this will help you to know what your next step should be . $ the current aspect at play could indicate that a new relationship is about to come roaring into your life , just when you least expected it . if you have been pursuing a lot of romantic options , then you may not know what has hit you until you are already smitten . you have probably been wishing for this on some level or another , so be glad when it happens . $ your feelings may seem to be all over the place , and possibly affected by the current interplay of planetary energies . one minute you could find yourself very much in love , and the next minute irritated by the way your sweetest love does or says certain things . you could find this fluctuation in your emotions going on for most of the day , so do not make any important relationship decisions . wait ! $ the current planetary energies are signaling you to focus on your everyday material needs , rather than being constantly out and about . if you have been giving your lover a great deal of attention , it is now time to turn the spotlight back on you and do yourself some favors . this could be a great opportunity to really rest and relax or take a break away . $ a sense of humor is one thing , but sometimes this can backfire , as you may find out with today 's astral alignment . some people are quite sensitive to off the cuff remarks , and the person in question , who also happens to be someone you greatly admire , may mark this down as a point against you . it may be best to watch your tongue in the future . $ the current astral configuration makes conversation more serious than usual and may mean that you and your loved one find yourselves discussing some very interesting issues . you could get the chance to completely sort out one particular problem for good , but you will also have to overcome certain innate fears in order to do so . taking that first step will improve your relationship no end . $ the current astral configuration is perfect for a day and night of sheer fun . you certainly will not feel like staying in alone and will benefit immensely from getting involved with others in matters that interest you greatly . if you have been looking for romance , then one conversation may seem to hold great potential . do not expect things to develop quickly - but they can if you are really interested . $ today 's astral configuration is great for romance . there is a natural warmth , compassion , and understanding in the air that enables people to make progress in all kinds of relationships , but especially love affairs . if you already feel deeply committed to one person , then expect this bond to become even stronger after the events that occur today . it may be the perfect occasion to celebrate what you have together . $ the current celestial configuration may make you feel nervous about communicating with new people . it is not so much the act itself , but more who you ll be speaking with . there is one particular person whom you desperately want to talk to . and yet you are acutely frightened to seek their attention . you need to relax and trust in life . $ today 's planetary influences could bring you the necessary insight to help you know what to do regarding a certain romantic relationship . you may have been wondering why that special person seems to be have been oblivious to your charms and could now find out . you will realize that they are not holding back their favors on purpose to be harsh or cruel but do have a good reason . $ if you are able to go out on a date with someone whom you thought to be normal , sensible , and sensitive , then you may have to change your mind after this evening . today 's planetary energy could mean that you get quite a surprise when they turn up dressed in something completely unconventional and behave in a way that you could find quite shocking . what happens next is up to you . $ the current astral configuration brings a chance to understand why you may have been unknowingly creating problems within a certain close relationship . it could be that you have had certain expectations right from the beginning , which you had presumed would be fulfilled . if you have been harboring resentment over the fact that they have not , then perhaps you need to do some talking and understand your partner ( current or prospective )  's point of view . $ you 'll be tickled pink by today 's celestial energy . humor plays a really big part in your love life today , and it is perhaps the realization that you find the same kinds of subjects amusing that brings you that much closer to one person in particular . of course , you will also find many other things that make you want to know more , but laughter will be the way in . $ the current astral energy brings you much closer than you could have thought possible to someone who is the epitome of style and elegance . they have impressed you in the past with their flair and general fashion sense , but today in conversation you are even more impressed by their wisdom and their spiritual knowledge . they are obviously not just a pretty face , as you certainly intend to find out . $ the current planetary alignment gives you the chance to get serious with your love interest , but not without much reflection on whether you are doing the right thing . it could be that you have wanted to raise the subject of a deeper commitment for some time but have been waiting for the right mood . you have a chance today , but do not let fear get the better of you . $ today 's aspect at play may mean that you are put on the spot and have to make a very fast decision , one that you possibly do not feel ready to make . naturally , this involves your love life and your sense of commitment , and perhaps we never feel really ready to make this kind of choice . however , you have to choose one way or another - so listen to your heart . $ there is a much softer and far more amenable quality in the air , especially with the current aspect at play . under this very romantic cosmic influence , you do not need to spot a potential partner and then rush in for the kill immediately . you can amble up to them slowly and take your time working out how best to win them over to your point of view . easy does it ! $ the current celestial energy may arouse your suspicions , and yet you may not be able to point your finger at any particular incident to support your growing concerns . in this instance you really need to have that conversation , because if you continue to say nothing while silently accusing them of everything - nothing will be resolved . at least when you have the facts you can make an informed decision . $ if going out is possible , do not worry if you are lacking in inspiration concerning what to wear to impress someone tonight . today 's cosmic energy indicates that on this occasion something completely original and unique is called for . if you are looking for love , then do not wear anything that smacks of normality - even if you have to wear a mix of garments and blend of colors . life will never be the same again . $ it is no good hiding your real feelings behind a mask of indifference or even cynicism . the current celestial energy encourages you to take time to reflect on what you really need to say and how you are going to say it . if you try and disguise certain aspects of the truth , then you may not get the same results as if you tell it like it is . $ the current astral environment is encouraging you to take a softer , more sensitive approach to someone special in your life . if you have wanted them to be something other than who they are , this may be putting them off from being honest with you . allow them to be themselves , and they will be happy to become more intimate , as they will feel more comfortable in your presence . $ the current aspect gives you all the confidence you need to express your feelings to someone whom you admire intensely . you may have wondered if it would be better to let them have the first word , but time is passing and you may be impatient to start the ball rolling . a conversation you have with them today could be very significant . you will feel jubilant ! $ the current planetary alignment could be the catalyst for some deep discussion between you and a loved one . if you have been evading a certain issue associated with your beliefs , then you may need to hold a conversation that will clear up this matter once and for all . this problem has been causing difficulties for a while , so it is a good idea to sort it out now . $ you may not feel in the mood for any nonsense as far as a loved one is concerned . the current astral energy is goading you into saying something about an issue that has had you on tenterhooks for some time . you have probably been brooding over this for a while and could suddenly feel as though you are about to explode . just do not make a fool of yourself . $ current planetary energies may encourage you to tell a few white lies to a loved one in order to cover up a very embarrassing truth . while this may work for a while , they will begin to sense that something is not quite right , as long as you try and maintain the pretense . it would be better to be honest , even if it does create discomfort for a while . $ if you are trying to give some indication to someone of just how much they mean to you , then take advantage of the current astral energy to send them the perfect romantic message . you could even write a love poem if you feel inspired enough to do so . any gift that conveys the sincerity of your feelings will touch them deeply and make them aware of how much you care . $ if you have been trying to attract the attention of someone rather special , you will need to be less subtle and make your requests more forthright . today 's astral configuration gives you the extra impetus you need to explain exactly how you feel . do not try and twist the truth to make yourself less vulnerable ; for once be completely honest . they will then be much more open and encouraging . $ today 's astral configuration gives you the chance to express yourself in a way that may yet win over another 's heart . if all of your other forms of persuasion and coercion have failed to move them , then the cosmos may have just the answer you have been looking for . something that you say , or a line of conversation that you pursue holds the key to their heart . $ the current aspect means you have a wonderful opportunity to make amends with your partner ( current or prospective ) after a time when you may have found it difficult to communicate properly . you will realize the folly of your ways and find the confidence and warm - heartedness to approach each other from a more positive stance . take the time to go out and have some fun , as laughter will work wonders for you both . $ the alignment of the planets means that you could have a lot of fun today . you can also have a great time with your loved one and can restore their sense of humor after a particularly trying time . this is especially so if you are willing to arrange a wonderful night out , if possible , and take them someplace where they can meet and talk to new and different people safely . $ today 's planetary energy could mean that whilst you appear all sweetness and light on the surface , underneath you are quietly critical of your loved one . although nothing is being said , they may be picking up that all is not well and feeling quite irritated without really knowing why . if you have an axe to grind , then perhaps it would be better to do this openly , rather than stew quietly . $ the planetary alignment may encourage you to listen more closely to what your crush has to say . you usually enjoy being the one to tell the stories and to come out with all the sharp and witty comments , but this time you will be much more aware that their words alone are not conveying all they really want to say . you will need to call upon your ability to read between the lines ! $ do not allow this day to go by without trying your hand at writing some wonderful love poetry for that special person in your life . the astral energy indicates that inspiration is bubbling away just beneath the surface of your mind , and as long as you are expressing the real emotions of your heart , you can be sure you will make a wonderful and lasting impression . go on ! be brave ! $ there is a very enjoyable atmosphere that makes it easier to get out and socialize in whatever way that s possible , as people are very open to meeting others and to talking about themselves , their lives , their joys and sorrows in a safe environment . the planetary energy brings a touch of romantic promise , although there will not likely be anything too passionate occurring straight away , especially if you have only just met - but just give it time . $ communication between people is usually attempted in order to clear matters up and to bring hidden things out into the light . but with today 's celestial energy , things that ought to be quite obvious are somehow ignored or pushed to one side , while the conversation continues with a discussion of everything but the real issue in question . if you can be plain speaking , you will be rewarded . $ if you have been attempting to keep an affair secret , then it may come out into the open , due to the influence of today 's celestial energy . however , it may not be someone else who spills the beans , but you yourself , as you decide that this has now become important enough to share with the world . although it may be a difficult decision - it will be worth it in the long term . $ it is the thought of future possibilities , of all that you could accomplish if you could work and live as a team with your romantic partner , that is making you want to make more of an effort in your relationship . the alignment of the planets encourages you set down your goals and plans and have a frank discussion about how you can bring them to fruition , together . $ today 's astral energy gives any discussion that you become involved in today some extra punch and bite . if you are intending to have one of those conversations with your partner , then it may be best not to get too carried away , even though you may feel justified in doing so . you may jeopardize the relationship , especially if you get into a mode of profound self - righteousness ! $ the aspect at play encourages you to consider taking up a course of study that will bring you more opportunities in the future . however , it will also enable you to meet people of like mind , who share similar interests . whatever it is that fascinates you , someone is going to want to share this adventure with you , and you may become very close . $ this could be a day full of mixed influences , but not without a lot of promise . you may find that whilst certain areas of your life may be a little confused at the moment , one particular area is about to shine . through discussing some very new and original ideas , or by sharing something that is very dear to you , you may develop a strong bond with someone . surprise ! $ you know that something is looming large on the horizon , that someone is about to come into your life in a big way . as yet you may not be sure just who it is , but if you look around carefully , the signs are all there . you may , however , be in for a surprise that you had not anticipated . that is just how strongly you actually do feel about this person . $ sometimes your love life really sparkles . today those flashes of brilliance have a slightly escapist edge to them . you may well find that a heady combination of circumstances means that you are swept off your feet before you even got up to dance . you will feel completely spellbound . so , do not promise your all on the strength of what happens today . but do , by all means , enjoy yourself . $ it do not matter how many times you tell someone - if they do not want to hear , they become deaf to your words . how many times have you already told that special person how you feel , yet still they persist in wildly underestimating the impact they have on you ? today you may have to resort to some highly imaginative methods that leave them in no doubt about your intent . $ today 's astral energy is asking you to focus on the sacredness of trust . you do not mean to give away the secrets of your dearest , but in the haste of the moment , and in the excitement of having something interesting to say , you may have spoken out about confidential matters . now the cat is out of the bag and your loved one may feel hurt . it 's time to smooth some ruffled feathers . $ if you cannot avoid having an argument today , you may be able to avoid having a major fallout . although you generally like to try and wriggle out of any kind of tricky situation , especially where your feelings about a certain person are concerned , you will have to admit one or two home truths to yourself . perhaps you need a little space to get things clear in your head . $ there is much power in your words , especially today . you may not realize it , but you could make a dream come true , or destroy something that has taken a long time to build . there is an intense energy around . you may feel that it is time you sorted out all your issues while you have the verbal power ; however , your partner may find it hard to deal with this . $ relationships tend to move in cycles , as i 'm sure you have noticed . just when we think that everything is going really well , we discover that we have forgotten to do something we promised , or just plain forgot to take notice when we should have . today , talking through some of the things that you regret may make progress very possible and also very swift . you will feel greatly relieved . $ how you go about the business of today , is not just up to you , it really depends on how well you can bring about a transformation in your circumstances , without being too harsh or not thorough enough . it may not mean the end of the relationship ; it could also mean a change to a new level . you will be surprised at what can happen when you follow the path that feels right . $ no one likes to be told what to do , nor do they like to be ignored . today 's astral alignment indicates that you need to find in your current partnership the balance between fault finding and actually seeing the truth about something that may need correction . if you do this from the heart , you will move forward in a very positive way . a new area of enjoyment will open for both of you . $ you may find days like this to be turbulent . when the heat is on in the relationship , you tend to rise to the bait both verbally and cerebrally . thoughts may be whirling around in your head and you know you need to change your outlook . this could be achieved by taking a vacation , or by literally changing your thoughts about the situation in a constructive way . $ today there is a lot of fizz and buzz in the air , perhaps more than even you can cope with . your closest relationships have an edge of surprise like you may never have experienced before . the keyword is sudden . nothing happens at a leisurely pace , it just appears right there in front of you , and woe to you if you are not ready . $ your workplace or an appearance at a public function may provide the backdrop to a sensitive romantic encounter today . the cosmos is bringing the possibility of a unique and extraordinary meeting . this may or may not be in a physical sense , and could even take place over the internet , but the ensuing bond may last longer than you think and be very enjoyable . $ the essence of the day is exuberance and enthusiasm all around . you know what you want and are prepared to go all out to get it . with today 's celestial configuration , there is a romantic opportunity to meet with someone new at an online educational or spiritual occasion , and more so if it involves a talk . you may even fall in love with the speaker ! inspiration turns you on . $ how many times do you tell your loved one how you feel about them , yet nothing seems to move them from their position of disbelief ? with today 's planetary alignment , you may find a new way to create romance . look for something that contains a hint of wine and poetry , a hint of a summer evening , a beautiful beach and the sight of palm trees against a deep blue sky . $ with today 's astral energy at play , you may find that things in the romance department seem to be very much connected with business or career issues . there is no hurry . if it 's going to get serious , it will do so at a leisurely pace . you will not have an opportunity to speed up anything . however , there really is no need to rush , as slow can be just as much fun . $ ideas and brainstorming sessions today spark off the kind of atmosphere between you and another that can only be described as high energy . what you realize under the influence of the planetary configuration is that there is someone else in the world who also thinks in the same zany , weird , and uniquely original way that you do . and later you intend to prove it goes deeper than thoughts alone . $ a powerful occasion or meeting between friends and partners may result in some changes that really surprise you today . with the astral energy at play , you have a great opportunity to really see something you have never been in a position to notice before . although you may find this a little difficult to cope with , at least you know where you stand , and can make other arrangements accordingly . $ this is a very sociable day in all respects , especially as the influence of the planets makes it a great time to communicate with new people and get to know those you may have wanted to contact for some time . it 's a time for fun and laughter , for discovering many things about each other , and finally saying how you feel , if this is appropriate . in other words , it 's a good time to party , if possible . $ today 's astral configuration indicates that you have quite a day ahead of you . there is a strong energy around that will not take no for an answer . action is the answer to any problems - you usually enjoy talking , but today conversation goes out the window . be prepared to show your loved one exactly how you feel . this is entirely appropriate and will be taken in the right way . $ there is something almost secretive about love and romance today . whether people are aware of a certain relationship that you are involved in or not , it will be of special significance . there is time to share things together in a particularly endearing way . it could be a good occasion to buy your dearest one a present that sums up how you feel about them . this will surely bring a smile to their face . $ you normally are very talkative , and it can be difficult to get a word in next to ; however , with today 's planetary configuration , you find yourself curiously unable to speak . it may be that what you have to talk about also involves a step into the unknown , and you are somewhat fearful of the consequences . but if you can take that first step , you will see the difference . $ patterns of thought are interfering with a course of action or a relationship with someone close that you are trying to resolve . the current planetary configuration is bringing these to the surface , allowing you to see the cause of the problems more clearly . you have a good chance of moving through this if you can talk about it with the person concerned . they will at least understand . $ sometimes rules are meant to be broken , but relationships are like eggs , once broken they are never the same again . the day 's planetary aspect applies some unconventional pressure to your close relationships , which may be a good thing , or not . it depends if you want to stray just far enough to have a good time , or whether you stray so far you will not be able to come back . $ this may seem like a day when things seem slow but also sweet . there may be a lot of talking about things that do not seem to have any relevance as far as you are concerned . but it does give the opportunity for you to actually digest a meal if you are eating with your loved one - which may be a good idea . harmony reigns and even your stomach stays calm . $ you more than most may find today extremely stimulating - in a very cerebral sense that is . you and your nearest and dearest may spend many happy hours talking and talking under the energy of the planetary aspect that is forming . you can tease every last ounce of meaning out your favorite poems or philosophical essay , and slowly , very slowly reveal the meaning hidden behind a veil of allusions . this is a day you will remember . $ do not make a big issue out of something that really is not such a big a deal . you can try and get to the bottom of the problem by using a little determination and good humor . today 's planetary configuration indicates that there is a chance your imagination will run away with you when dealing with partners , so just be aware of what you really are saying or doing . $ you can use the power of words today to make quite a difference to your romantic life . if you need to make any changes , then the energy of the day 's planetary configuration will help you do this . where you are coming from is an important issue , and you may be causing disappointment . if you can share with each other on an equal basis , this would be better . $ you love to chat about everything under the sun , but the planetary aspect at play makes some of the talk a little like a sermon delivered by a very high - powered preacher . whether it 's you initiating the conversation , or another , you both need to stop forcing one particular outcome . move with the moment , and just let the discussion flow . this will produce a truly satisfactory result . $ with today 's planetary configuration , you feel very full of the magic of life . you can do a lot to improve your romantic life , but it needs to be based on reality , and not on idle promises . you have the possibility of having a good day , but if you say that you are going to take your dearest to paris for lunch , then mean it - otherwise there could be problems . $ talking may seem a little more difficult today , especially where your closest relationships are concerned . the planetary configuration that is forming in the heavens brings a sense of estrangement . this may be because you have had too much work or other responsibilities and commitments that have meant sharing less time together . although there may be some hurt feelings , take the time to be with them and tell them how you feel . $ you will not have to look very far if you need advice on where to go on your date today , as friends are only too willing to accompany you and join in the fun whenever possible . the day 's planetary configuration indicates that you will have to be strong if you wish to be alone with your lover to enjoy some quiet moments . others want to create a party atmosphere with you . $ some celestial aspects have it , and some do not . today 's planetary configuration may promise you the world , but make sure you sign a guarantee before giving your heart away . this could be a wonderful opportunity for romance , arousing feelings you have not experienced for a while . alternatively , you may find the whole experience disappointing . choose your conversation carefully in order to discover what you may be getting into . $ you have a chance to slow down concerning your close personal relationships . this is not a time to set the pace too fast , but to allow everything to unfold in its own way and time . the day 's celestial aspect gives the opportunity to do so . if there are things to do together , just enjoy the feeling of closeness and the renewed warmth this brings . $ partners are all set to take you off on the experience of a lifetime . you have a chance to adventure into unknown zones . the current celestial aspect indicates that with this there is a price . nothing comes free . you may have to commit yourself to something more than a casual relationship ; perhaps create a deeper bond . if this is what you want , then go for it . $ today is certainly a time when partnerships , relationships , and meetings with people are strongly indicated . you will have many chances to interact with others , and to exchange ideas with them . you will also find that there may be one person you resonate with particularly , someone who makes you feel really good . whether this is love or friendship , you will enjoy the contact . $ partners may take you on a strange journey today . you could be going to places you have never been before , but that you will definitely wish to visit again . if you are single , you may meet someone ravishing and fascinating at a place where others share your own unique interests . anywhere unusual or different would be the place to go . $ the day 's celestial orientation brings you that feeling of double - trouble again . you are once more of two minds about a certain issue concerning your loved one . although they may also be in a fever of confusion , all you need to do is listen to your heart , and then act from there . if you do what you think you should , the confusion may get worse . $ your partner may have something on their mind , which you will soon discover is , in fact , quite a good plan . but it does involve a deeper sense of commitment from you . this will really test the quality of the relationship . if you are ready to step into such an arrangement - then all you have to do is say yes . listen to your heart . $ this could be a great day for communicating with all kinds of people . if you are seeking that special relationship , then it is even more perfect . but make sure you reach out to make new friends . conversation is key here . not that you are usually stuck for words in any way - but today you will probably be even more witty and charming than normal . $ today you can put on a real magic act . you can spin words the way a magician performs tricks , and make others hear things that you do not actually say . you can even create a complete tale that sounds plausible enough , but that never happened . but do not be too cavalier about it - your loved one knows you too well . do not go too far . $ the day 's planetary configuration brings with it a surprise that you will want to tell everyone about . the only thing is that you are sworn to secrecy . however , the news is bound to change the lives of you and your loved one in a dramatic way . you may not realize just quite how much until the effect kicks in . one thing though - you 'll both be very happy . $ the day 's planetary constellation is bringing you some apprehensive thoughts . you may not be able to pinpoint exactly what they are , but you will have a fair idea . your current relationship has reached a point where it may well change into something stronger and more committed . this is the problem , as you have a niggling doubt . examine this before making any decisions . $ today may make you very aware of just how far you have come in getting to know someone with whom you work . you may be surprised to find that , as well as being able to cooperate on a very practical basis , you also share the same spiritual ideals . this may come as a quite a revelation and will cement the bond more firmly . $ this a great time for making all kinds of friends . never has the power of conversation guaranteed so much in so short a time . you have a chance not only to seduce one person , but possibly several , then make a wise decision at the end of the evening . you have a lot of fun ahead , so go for the best . $ friends may encourage you to get involved in certain situations from which it may be difficult to extricate yourself later . there is an element of surprise , of doing something you have never done before , or of experimenting with things in ways you have never tried before . this is a day for real adventure . do not get in too far over your head , though . use a little brainpower . $ it seems to be the influence of friends , and perhaps brothers and sisters , that succeeds in procuring that special someone for you to talk with tonight . but you had better be ready , as the day 's planetary aspect indicates that it will be a sizzling occasion . if you are afraid of passion , perhaps you had better make some polite excuses and back out now , before you get singed ! $ your main method of seduction is usually by means of charming conversation , which traverses a variety of topics . today this method has a chance to be put to the test , as you have some major talking to do with someone whose major interest in life is very closely connected with yours . try talking each other under the table , or anywhere else you desire . $ you may find the atmosphere a little heavy today between you and your loved one . the planetary aspect reflects a situation in which neither of you is willing to take action regarding a recent disclosure . but one of you will have to break the ice sooner or later . if you can overcome any feelings of upset and make the first move , things will improve immeasurably . $ you may feel compelled to let the cat out of the bag today concerning something that you need to discuss with your nearest and dearest . it is clear that an event that occurred in the past will have an effect on both of you if it is not brought out into the open . doing so will transform your relationship in a way you cannot possibly imagine . $ you will enjoy all types of interactions today . you may encounter a person who has some awesomely strange tastes . as you would never let go of a chance to talk to a living freak , you will probably engage this person in conversation . just do not be surprised by what happens next . call it love , passion - whatever it is , it 's hot ! $ you have a bold opportunity to make your feelings known to someone you think that you care about . the problem is that you 're not sure what you really feel , or what their reaction will be . there is only one way to find out , and that is to jump in and seize the chance . only then will you truly know where you stand . $ you can talk all you like , but one issue today is of particular importance . this is connected with the past , and to certain attitudes you held in former times . although this may not seem too important , you need to talk to your partner about this in order to clear up certain misgivings that they may be having . it can only improve things . $ conversation today may not be at its most witty and sparkling , but you will nevertheless make quite a lot of progress romantically . the person you have set your sights on may not be the most talkative you have met , but they do have many other qualities that you intend to take seriously . you will probably make an impression if you behave calmly and considerately . $ you may be exposed to a new vision of your future today , and one that you had not previously considered . your partner may have quite a surprise in store for you . not only do they want the relationship to continue to grow , they also want you both to do something very new and quite exciting together . whatever it is , you will be thrilled . $ you may have a tendency today to blame your partner for anything that seems to be going wrong with your relationship . this may not be the perfect tactic , even though it is a much easier way out . the best solution is to talk to each other about what appears to be wrong and work together to solve it . it always takes two to tango . $ it is fun all the way on the roller coaster of life . today only really poses one particular problem to your love life , and that is over - indulgence . as if there could ever be such a thing ! you say . but unfortunately , it 's true . if you go out with your sugar honey , be wary of eating too much , and drinking far too much . $ today it seems as though others are obsessed with image , but you know that it s not the most important thing in this world . even if you sometimes feel your hair or skin isn t the right color , your body isn t the right size , or your wardrobe isn t high - end , there s someone out there who truly loves you for who you are underneath it all . $ you will feel like entertaining your loved one today . you may also feel like trying out some new ideas , like practicing your mutual telepathic ability . ask your sweetie to guess whether you love them or not . perhaps this do not need much guessing , as it is probably self - evident , but the winner gets to give the other a really exciting surprise . so , who goes first ? $ you always did adore talking , and you will especially today . your lover may find it hard to get a word in edgewise , even if you are going blue in the face through lack of breath . but others like to express their feelings , as well . seriously , if you can keep still , and try ever so hard to listen without fidgeting , you may hear something to your advantage . $ your problem is that in love , as in everything else , you just have to have two of everything . the day 's planetary aspect says this is fine , as long as you are willing to deal with the consequences . if it 's one partner for each side of your schizophrenic personality , then you might just get away with it . you will probably be satisfied - but will you be happy ? $ today brings a chance for your relationship to flourish . but you need to alter your style . there is an adventurous atmosphere in the air , so rather than staying in and watching television , make the effort to get out and do something different and fun . although you are not known for your athleticism , at least try and be a little sporty . $ your partner is full of fire and brimstone today . if you have been ever - so - sneaky and done something even a teeny - weenie bit naughty , they will be on to you about it . their vocal power is supreme , as is their temper . the only way to divert their attention is by getting them to speak about something they care about passionately . $ today may bring an old flame back to mind . perhaps there is someone you have longed to meet up with again , simply because they always made you feel good . chance may bring them back into your life by some peculiar stroke of destiny and give you the opportunity to reestablish that wonderful connection again . $ today may bring a situation to a head concerning your current relationship . ultimatums may be issued , and you may both feel the need to put your grievances before each other . however , before it all ends in tears , there is a lot you can do , too . you will both handle this a lot better if can truly listen to what the other has to say . $ an interesting scenario may come to light today . someone from your past reenters your life , and your present lover may find it hard to cope with the feelings you once had for each other . it may take a lot of reassurance , and perhaps an intense conversation before they believe there is no longer anything there . curiously , they may even get to like each other ! $ if you feel a little grumpier than usual today , it is probably due to the atmosphere created by the planetary configuration . of course , nobody will really take you seriously , and your nearest and dearest will continue to tease you , but still , you may need a little humorous resuscitation . try to get out to see a comedy show , if possible , or stay in and watch a laugh - a - minute video . $ you are known to have a way with words . but today your words speak volumes that could impress , tempt , persuade , and idealize your beloved , yet ultimately be nothing more than a lot of hot air . if you are truly sincere , your sugar pie will know it , and will appreciate you all the more ; if not , they may go elsewhere . $ the planets are bent on bringing you an interesting day . you may communicate with someone whom you find particularly difficult to fathom , and your reaction may be equally strange . on the one hand you are both deeply attracted to each other , yet on the other hand , there is something that makes you wary of each other . do not give up , as in a few days this may change . $ so , you made a mistake ! the person you have doted on for so long has turned out to be a cross between a set of ancient encyclopedias and an over - dependent hamster . well , how were you to know ? the energy of the day indicates that it is time you got your act together . you now know where your boundaries are , so make them clear , and stick to them . $ if you believe in destiny , then you had better believe in the dish served up by fate today . the energy radiating from the planets creates some spicy relishes that will greatly enhance your enjoyment . the person you are about to meet may be somewhat out of the ordinary , and perhaps a little unpalatable to some , but you find them particularly appetizing , and may go back for more ! $ although you do not tend to emphasize the slushy and romantic side of a relationship , you may still find one or two tears forming in your eye as your loved one expresses how they really feel about you . the planetary influence creates an atmosphere that is wonderful for enjoying a really romantic evening . cook a meal and include oysters and champagne . you will both be in heaven , at least for a while ! $ you may find yourself at the center of an attractive circle of admirers as you go about your business today . the energy of the day somehow makes everything seem extra funny . not that you meant to have hysterics at the inappropriate moment you did ! yet someone suddenly spots a whole new side to your personality and is completely bowled over . you may do more than laugh together later on ! $ it 's altogether possible that the two of you will not be able to see eye - to - eye today . one of you knows what you want , and how to get it both within the relationship and life in general ; the other tends to give in and just go with whatever is taking place , whether they feel this is right for them or not . a balance needs to be struck . $ what would your wildest fantasy be ? for sure it would involve words . today you will become very aware of all the subtle nuances of feeling locked into a phrase , or even a whole sentence . you usually seduce your lovers with sweet whispers , but today you may feel the urge to take this one step further and really test the power of grammar . $ if your future with a certain person has seemed a little confusing lately , to say the least , you may find things changing for the better . today brings the dawning of a sense of clarity and understanding . you now perceive just what the other person 's motives were in displaying such mixed signals . finally , you are both free to choose what you wish to do . $ words are very important , but the long drawn - out silences between them often say even more . the planetary energy of the day could find it hard for you to communicate with your sugar honey , and you may want to withdraw totally , preferring to while away the time talking to yourself - an infinitely more worthwhile proposition . but if you have any heart at all , then make the effort to share a few home truths . $ your love life brightens considerably today . it is a good time to get to know people , especially if you are looking for romance , as others are very open and much more congenial right now . they are prepared to relax their guard and go out of their way to get to know you in a more personal way . take advantage of this lucky break . $ if you have been looking for romance and have recently met someone who seems to fit the bill , then make use of the day 's auspicious planetary alignment to deepen your relationship . it is a good time to go out somewhere special together where you can talk about all the things that matter to you most and appreciate how much you have in common . $ today brings with it possible feelings of alienation from one 's partner and loved one . it may be that a certain issue has been bubbling away beneath the surface and has now finally come to a head . do not avoid discussing it , as this is an essential part of the process of moving beyond this wall and rediscovering the state of union . be prepared to work at it . $ if you have arranged an outing today with your loved one , it may not go strictly according to plan . you may find this hard to deal with , which could potentially make or break the occasion . if you do not try to get your own way , but rather make an effort to listen , you may find you both actually want the same thing . $ you may find it particularly difficult to persuade your loved one to see your point of view today . you can talk until you are blue in the face , but if they insist on stubbornly sticking to certain principles , then neither of you will get anywhere . it may need a little lateral thinking to solve this dilemma , yet an answer is surprisingly close at hand ! $ there is an air of excitement about your romantic escapades today . even though you may have known your partner for some time , you feel as though you have just met , and the evening is spread before you like some kind of inviting new adventure . enjoy this wonderful scenario while it lasts and squeeze every ounce of romanticism out of it . $ you always enjoy a good conversation - this goes without saying - but a certain discussion you hold today may change your future to a greater degree than you could ever have anticipated . you may have to dig deep to find the required response , though . it is there but needs to be drawn out by subtle means . alluding to it directly may ruin your chances . $ you and your loved one may need to work out in fine detail just how you are going to approach a certain project you have decided to undertake together . both of you need to have your feet firmly on the ground , rather than your heads in the air , in order to be able to proceed in the most efficient and progressive way . $ this could be a marvelous day for socializing on all fronts . people are generally well disposed toward each other . if you are seeking romance , do not be surprised if it also comes looking for you , as you radiate a sense of warmth and optimism . with this very attractive vibration around you , you are very likely to meet someone who is equally as sunny as you . $ an interesting conflict today may result in a certain illusion finally being overcome . you may have been under the false assumption that you and your loved one are not communicating properly . this could be due to a variety of reasons . all it needs is one change in perspective , and you will see the truth of the matter . the problem will clear immediately . $ the energy of the day indicates that you certainly have plenty to say for yourself . it also means you have plenty you could say to others . if you have been looking for that special one - to - one relationship , then your come - on lines may become masterpieces of poetic skill and verbal dexterity . just how many ways can you get to know a person better ? you 'd be surprised ! $ perhaps it is the sense of intrigue that surrounds a certain person that attracts you like a moth to a flame . today you will have a chance to get to know them much better . although they may seem fairly quiet and reserved , their whole aura crackles with energy , and you will feel yourself drawn irresistibly into their circle of friendship . $ if you are in a questing mood , you could feel like talking to some potential dates . you may be better off doing more serious activities , such as a debate or discussion , or playing chess , rather than being frivolous and flirty with social media and online apps . the former is where the action is , believe it or not . the places you might normally go will not yield much luck ! $ today words are slow , rich , potent , and very intense . one word could be taken in different ways , and much of what you say to your loved one has the potential to transform your relationship . the energy of the day is that powerful . if you want to make changes for the better , then focus on all the good things that you can do together in the future . $ you may have a wonderful plan that you would love to share wholeheartedly with your sweetie pie . only , you already know what their reaction is going to be . most likely their response will be to pick holes in your new project until you are ready to just give up . use the sense of conflict created to determine that , instead , you are going to make a great success of it . $ be prepared for a touch of romance and adventure in your life . expect the unexpected , and more especially , do not be surprised if you are offered an exotic adventure . this is a time to broaden your horizons , so be prepared to go to far - flung places with your sweetheart , even if they re imaginary . expect your relationship to change for the better , and it surely will ! $ today brings with it a chance to really let your hair down and dare to do something different . the astro energy brings with it the opportunity to make some adventurous decisions concerning your love life . if you have become stuck in a rut , and your relationship has become routine rather than a passionate adventure , then it is up to you to reinvent the sparkle . do something outrageous together ! $ there is a lot of enthusiasm and determination around today . romance and relationships are open to clear communication . ideas are flowing , and it may benefit you both to host a small party or social gathering at your home and invite a couple new people if that s at all possible . this will open up your social life and also bring some new energy into your own relationship . $ experimentation at all levels is today 's watchword . there is no way that you or your sweetheart could possibly spend the day in any other way than trying out all kinds of new things . eat different food , wear different clothes , talk to each other in new ways . routines can be like straitjackets , and hobble any spontaneity , especially in your love life . just for once be a little crazy ! $ there is a great deal of feeling around in the ether today . it is also easier for you to express it . indeed , there is a possibility of going over the top and saying too much , then regretting it in the cold light of day . just go easy and do not try and fit a year 's worth of passion into one evening . $ today romance takes on a more lighthearted approach , although you may find it difficult to decide whether you should follow your heart or your head . if a certain relationship seems like a really good option , then you may be tempted to go for it . but if your gut reaction says something different , then it may be wiser to listen to this . $ change is in the air , due to an out and out attraction you feel for someone special whom you have only recently met . some very intense feelings could surface and may take you by surprise . it may be better to slow down instead of speeding up , as you do not want to jump into anything too fast and then discover you have made a mistake . $ you may see red over a certain issue connected with an important relationship . in this situation it is better not to lose your temper because there is too much at stake . take some time to calm down , and some space to think things through . then when you feel ready , do some real talking , as it may solve the problem once and for all . $ today you will have a chance to change certain areas of your life , especially your love life . you will seek adventure - not in the physical sense of a journey anywhere , but in the metaphysical sense of a journey within . you get a new perspective on your relationship and feel like a whole new world has opened up to you . partners will never seem the same again . $ feelings are very colorful today , and incidents from the past may affect the way you view current events . people you meet are interested in talking about themselves and also about their loves , their lives , and their adventures . if you are hoping to meet that special person , then try attending a discussion , a debate , or a new course of study . $ the planets are working together to create a deep sense of passion , and an urge to own or possess a loved one . your partner ( current or prospective ) may find this objectionable , which could create a block in communication . if you want to improve matters , then try to let go . as long as you hang on so tightly , they will resist your advances . $ do you feel as though you are getting the cold shoulder ? you may need to talk yet find it difficult to begin a conversation . it is worth making the effort , even if a loved one is sulking . what is revealed may have a profound effect on your relationship . it is well worth persevering - just make the first move . $ good humor and a need to see the funny side of your relationship characterize your love life today . you 'll both feel the need to take a more liberal view of each other . allow each other the space to be totally yourselves and open up to the genuine warmth you both share , especially if things are not going as well as they could . $ today you should try and work out how you really feel about your relationship with your latest partner or love interest . if you have had mixed feelings for a while , then take some time to mull over exactly what is bothering you . it may only be a minor issue that is being blown out of all proportion , creating a sense of alienation . $ a sense of tension and conflict could make your relationship more strained today than usual . both of you will feel the need to speak your mind , which could be a very good thing . the only problem is that you may not be worried enough about how you say what you have to say . this could lead to feelings of hurt and distrust . $ today will be one of those days when you 'll be able to fantasize a little and spend time wishing and wondering about a romance that once was , or one that could possibly be . but if you want to make the best of your current relationship , it may be more helpful to think about improving the one you have rather than hoping for things that may never be . $ conversation is important in making the right kind of decisions concerning your love life . there may be some conflict between wanting to have your own way , and demanding certain rights within your current relationship , or withholding certain information in order to maintain a degree of control over your partner ( current or prospective ) . it is best to communicate from your heart rather than your head . $ relationships may need some especially careful handling today . if you feel as though you have been wronged , then it may be better to take some time out to think things through . this is the first crucial stage . when you have something to say , speak honestly from your heart . this will clear the air and create the way for a fresh start . $ there is a possibility of great transformation within your current relationship . if you have been feeling that things between you have become a little stagnant recently , you can take steps to alter the things that seem to be posing obstacles to a new sense of vitality . give your love a chance and a new sense of direction . $ relationships may be more rewarding if you actually make a conscious choice to leave them alone for now . you are most probably feeling isolated from others , and by trying to force certain issues with those closest to you , you may do more harm than good . allow some time and space to let matters settle , and soon things will return to normal . $ this is a time when feelings are running very high . if you are already in a relationship , then your partner ( current or prospective ) may be surprised at how deep your emotions go . if you are beginning a new partnership , it may help to stop and think before you pour out your heart , then discover that it is not as you thought it was . $ the energy of today is very much associated with the needs of both you and your partner ( current or prospective ) . you will feel like talking about what you want on all levels , from the physical through to the metaphysical . if you already have a good relationship , then you will have fun ; if not , then you may have a few things to discuss , and the sooner the better ! $ romance could be very dicey . one minute your love interest may seem particularly intense and passionate , and the next moment become vague and unwilling to make any definite plans for the day , or beyond . if you want to make the best of the day , then take charge of arranging a time to go out together and enjoy yourselves without any particular expectations . $ motivation is the all - important word today . whatever your original reasons for becoming involved in your current relationship , you may now feel that these need reviewing in the light of recent events . this need not be anything too heavy , but you would benefit from thinking through how far you have both come and what you have achieved . be honest and all will be well . $ a lot of what happens to you romantically today depends on how you communicate certain things to your partner ( current or prospective ) , or love interest - to - be . you have a choice in this matter . you can either alienate them completely by discussing a certain issue in such a way that they think you have gone mad , or you can try and see their point of view , and converse accordingly . $ the only way you can be allowed to stay as you are is if you are humoring your own behavior . experimentation at all levels best describes today 's events , especially in your love life . for this you will need to let go of all your usual likes and dislikes and be prepared to be completely open - minded . love could immediately improve in leaps and bounds . $ you will be able to feel deeply about a situation that you may previously have only been able to think about . if you have just begun a new relationship , then perhaps it is time to talk about some of the discoveries you have made about each other . it is better to get into the habit of deep sharing now , rather than waiting until it is too late ! $ although you generally like to stay behind the scenes and make sure that things run smoothly from there , today you will be forced to come out of the closet and enjoy being yourself . if you are looking for love , then do not sit quietly in the corner ; talk to people in whatever way possible and have a great time . you will benefit by being more open and up front ! $ intense desire convinces you that someone really cares about you . if you are single and looking for romance , then do not waste time sitting inside and daydreaming . get out there and start communicating with others . find people whom you can befriend , and to whom you can bring help and comfort , and you will soon have some wonderful companions . $ you are usually too polite to mention certain problems to a loved one . however , now you feel a lot bolder and able to deal with whatever comes up . you need to talk , but there is no need to create a big scene . just say your piece with honesty and integrity and allow a solution to emerge from your discussion . $ change of a most positive kind is in the air , most likely involving your domestic situation . perhaps you and your partner ( current or prospective ) are thinking of moving to a new house , or of buying or selling your property . you may well take this decision one step further now and begin to fill out the details of a sketchy plan . rest assured that whatever you decide now augurs very well . the future is looking very good ! $ you tend to get stuck in a routine , and this can often be a problem when you wish to move on and do something different . consider some new and very different options in order to exercise your imagination . rather than banish these fruitful ideas about a new life and wonderful partnership , why not spend some time considering if they might work ? $ if you are going to an intimate party or other small gathering , then you may need to find some way to keep your feet very firmly anchored to the ground . there is every likelihood that you may be swept away in a tide of passion that could take you completely by surprise . do not give in to this romance too quickly ; you need more time . $ you 'll be provided with a great opportunity to take time out to talk with your romantic partner . you may have both been busy lately , with different and very pressing issues to attend to . you may both be feeling out of joint because of the different demands of life . whatever the reason , you now have a chance to sit down and share your thoughts and feelings with each other on anything and everything . $ it is time to take a break from your usual punishing schedule , and to then decide on where you would like to go for an evening of fun and entertainment if possible . break all of your usual rules and move beyond the boundaries that keep you tied to a limited social circle . there is a whole exciting world out there to explore . $ you should not think about your current plan too much . the more you think , the more you tend to confuse the issue , and the more you run around in circles . stop for a while and just relax . take time to become calm and peaceful . listen to your feelings , which are quite different , but which will guide you in the right direction . $ the object of your affection this evening is set to be a little feisty . if your friend seems to get hot and bothered , and makes a fuss about nothing , then the best advice is to be polite and ignore it . you may get the best out of them by initiating a spirited conversation on any one of a number of contentious issues . provide an easy way out - just once ! $ you may abandon your usual practical common sense and find yourself carried away by a tide of passion that surprises both you and your partner ( current or prospective ) . your likely to lose your inhibitions and encourage you to use your imagination , rather than your memory to decide how you would like this current relationship to proceed . as long as you do not lose touch with reality altogether , all will be well . $ you are likely to be far more secretive than is necessary about a certain event , which could affect the relationship between you and a loved one . conversation is imperative . it is essential that you both get the right perspective on the situation so as to dissolve any further fears or tensions . it is only a short step to a greater understanding between you both . $ it is no good disguising your grief or angst behind a host of ills today instead of telling your partner ( current or prospective ) what is really on your mind . you will feel like hiding away , or behind what is set to be a contentious headache . what you really need to do is express certain feelings that you have taken great pains to hide . it is no longer wise to do so . $ you might need to go against the grain and let go of any barriers to a night of profound and undying passion . this may surprise you as much as it surprises and pleases your love interest . letting go of your inhibitions may not only signal the start of a truly great relationship , but also a new phase in life . go for it . $ you will find yourself in a situation in which you begin to feel more at home with your partner ( current or prospective ) , because for once you have the opportunity to understand what makes them feel secure at a very deep level . you may finally perceive something that helps you to see their humanness and real vulnerability . this is a precious insight , so keep it with you always . $ action is the name of the game in love and relationships today . try and see things from the perspective of your partner ( current or prospective ) , yet not to forget about your own needs . it is getting the balance right and doing things together that make you happy that will bring out the best in both of you . $ be more tender and loving toward your love interest . if your relationship is currently thriving , then expect to feel like getting even closer to one another once again . if you have just met that special someone , then you may find the force of attraction greater than you imagined . be prepared for more than you originally bargained for . $ now 's a good time to loosen up and drop some of your petty concerns about your sweetheart . if you have been feeling uptight or have been blaming your partner ( current or prospective ) for all kinds of things that perhaps they are not entirely guilty of , then it may be time to give them a break . rather than complaining , try making them a well - deserved meal . $ you and your partner ( current or prospective ) will find the time to sit down and work out a plan of action concerning a purchase . if it is associated with buying a property , or remodeling an existing one , then it may require extra planning . but the overall picture looks good . all you need to do is balance your finances and make sure that you are both getting what you want for the money . $ you feel more jumper and more irritable than usual , which could have quite an effect on your love life . if you have only recently met someone , it may be a good move to explain that you are not normally like this . if your partner ( current or prospective ) already understands your varied moods , perhaps it is best to spend some time alone and try to relax . $ a new phase in your personal and private life is about to begin . you may decide to come to some new arrangements concerning the place where you live . perhaps you decide to move in with your love interest , or your love interest may decide to move in with you . alternatively , you could be thinking of buying or renting a property , or perhaps remodeling the apartment where you currently live . $ if you have a close personal friend whom you would prefer to keep as a friend rather than a love interest , then you will most likely be fairly safe with them today . it 's not so much passion in any real sense that 'll be on the cards , but a sharing of feelings on a more platonic level . so , if you want to be wined and dined but not kissed , go for it . $ you 'll be a little less distant and intellectual . you may be enticed out of those quiet little corners of your being into a more sunny and sensual personality , one that associates with the hot sultry days of harvest time . you have far more to gain by sharing your innermost thoughts with all the right people than by being cool and existentialist . $ love will step right into your life , and not only love , but total , sheer , and utter romance . what have you done to deserve such a treat , you may ask ? do not waste time with questions ; just enjoy the day and the moment . and please do not worry - there is plenty more where this came from . so , take your time . real passion just cannot be rushed . $ the poetry of life surely seeps into your head today . this means that you are more likely to succumb to the charms and compliments of those who would like to be closer to you for reasons that may not be entirely innocent . take any new meetings with a pinch of salt right now before making any commitments , and do not give in too soon ! $ the present planetary energy is making you feel a bit critical toward your partner ( current or prospective ) . in fact , you seem to be going through a period of sorting and sifting through all your relationships right now and weeding out those that seem to have ground to a halt . before dismissing anyone outright , at least be willing to hold a conversation , and give the other person a chance to say their piece . $ you may suddenly tire of always hiding your true nature from others , and displaying a cool and uninterested exterior , when inside you are like a volcano . the astral influence encourages you to have the confidence and lack of concern to just let it all hang out . goodbye cool , calm and collected you ! nobody , especially your love interests , will be particularly shocked , as you will soon find out . $ today 's planetary energy will not exactly encourage you to open up and share your deepest and most sincere feelings . you may instead feel like delivering one of your famous stings , if anyone so much as dares to mention a particular person who is causing you quite a bit of angst . it may be better still if you keep to small talk , rather than attempting any deep stuff . $ the celestial alignment makes you even more uncompromising than ever , and you can be far more determined than most . if there is some poor innocent person that you have set your sights on , but have not revealed your intentions to , this could be the day to do so . we can only pity their bleating cries as they struggle in vain to resist the totally and utterly irresistible . $ the planetary energy brings a feeling of peace after troubled times , of calm after the storm . you have weathered some pretty rough patches recently , but rather than placing your partnership ( current or prospective ) in deeper water it has brought out an underlying strength . you now know that what you have between you can withstand the toughest tests and armed with this knowledge you face the future so confidently . $ the celestial influence may make you feel inclined to fantasize more than usual . while there is absolutely nothing wrong with a bit of daydreaming , you do need to guard against being unrealistic in your expectations of others . if your love interest does not seem to live up to your expectations , rather than wondering why they do not , it would help to tell them exactly what it is that you do want . $ although you tend to rely more on instinct rather than logic , today 's astral energy will incline you toward thinking about the practical future of your current love relationship . still , this will be a creative projection rather than a factual one . if you are wondering about your next steps forward as a couple , it may be better yet to talk this through with the one that matters most . $ the energy emanating from the planets creates the perfect atmosphere for a night of romance , especially if you can keep rein on your emotions when your love interest , dazzled by your charm , loses their head over you . will you be able to stay cool even if you do not want to ? the cosmos suggests you may be engaged in a battle of your own in this department . a surprise is in store for you ! $ if you have become more than a little tired of a certain relationship , you could take advantage of the day 's planetary configuration to make sure the message hits home , especially if the person seems to have ignored your previous and very obvious hints . you will be inspired to give them a suggestion that is so crystal clear , they will never darken your door again ! $ if you have had some very trying experiences lately in the romance department , and not been able to attract any of the high - flyers you have had your eye on , you could find that things improve today . you may , however , have to temporarily suspend your inclination to date someone for their status , and really want to go out with them because they are a genuinely nice person . $ rubbing things together creates friction , but the planets are interacting in a way that encourages powerful attractions . all you need do is keep talking , no matter how impossible it seems , how unlikely the stakes , or how up high the social ladder your opposite is . you have the know - how . faith and confidence also help - so get some . by the end of the day you could have the date of your dreams ! $ the planetary energy encourages you to believe more strongly in yourself , and also in your ability to attract the right person . you have an extra boost of confidence , which puts you in quite a flirtatious mood and draws people to you with whom you are happy to interact and genuinely at ease . if you can polish your conversational style a bit , there will be no stopping you . $ the current astral energy is making certain issues between you and your sugar honey rather unclear . although you want to resolve these matters before they get out of hand and become way too complicated and abstract , right now this is not possible . additional factors seem to be entering the situations that are making the confusion even worse . for now , do nothing . but keep a detached perspective ; things will gradually improve . $ the planetary alignment could blast through any obstacles and difficulties that are causing problems with your relationships . if there has been a particularly knotty issue that has concerned you lately , you will have the extra determination to find a solution that works for both of you . by being honest and open , you can create a real miracle . give each other a chance . $ the celestial configuration encourages you to speak up , rather than just making presumptions about a certain situation . if you have been having certain thoughts about aspects of your partner ( current or prospective )  's behavior , but so far have said nothing , now is the time to ask for an explanation . you will most likely find out that there is nothing to worry about , but you do need to start talking . $ the planetary influences leave you with a choice regarding your love life . you can either overlook any difficulties or niggling doubts that may be hanging on your consciousness , or you can take offense and point out all the imperfections that you are so clearly aware of that seem to be marring the relationship . it would be better to take the nobler and more constructive approach , but ultimately it is your decision . $ you have quite a task on your hands in getting another person to see things your way . just as you think you have almost got them to agree , they come up with another objection or criticism . it is going to take some careful discussion with a loved one before they really see the light . but do not give up now ! $ the current planetary alignment gives you a chance to do something practical concerning a potential relationship . whatever the scenario , it seems that fate intervenes to administer a sharp kick in a place that really gets you moving . if you want to date this person on a serious basis , then you will be motivated today to do something about this situation . and none too soon , it seems . $ if you are wishing your relationship situation would improve , know that you have every chance today to make as many changes as you desire . the energy emanating from the planets encourages you to shake off your usual hang - ups , and become a little more easygoing . it is a wonderful time to socialize , so really come to grips with yourself and fit in some serious fun ! $ do not think that you can give that special someone just the smallest hint of attention whenever it suits you . the planetary alignment encourages you to realize that if you want the relationship to flourish in the way you envision , you cannot expect it to happen by magic . it is all a question of being honest and truthful about your own motives , first to yourself , and second to the other . $ do not hide yourself away under a mountain of work , as this will not really help matters . the current planetary configuration encourages you to get out and to face up to someone about whom you may have been having one or two misgivings . rather than make matters worse , this can only improve the situation , and will ultimately create a much deeper and stronger bond between you . $ if you are going to get to the heart of the matter between you and your beloved , you are going to need to expand your frame of reference . the present astral energy encourages discussion that helps you both see how you have been limiting the scope of your relationship , and opens the way for you both to go beyond petty details into a more expansive and exciting realm . $ today 's astral energy makes this the perfect opportunity to allow yourself to unwind . if you have been a little hard on yourself lately , and pushed yourself to do more than you are really capable of doing , then take this chance to get out and have some fun . if you have an established or potential romantic partner you can ask to go out with you , so much the better . $ today 's celestial influences could make quite a difference to your love life . this could be a somewhat disruptive day in terms of your emotions , but one that nevertheless turns out well in the end . in order to reach this happy state of affairs , you will need to do some talking , which could involve looking at the beliefs you have been holding about a relationship . $ the planetary alignment may be the catalyst for quite a few changes . if you and your partner ( current or prospective ) are considering any major moves over the next few months , it would be better to stay with the planning stage for the moment , and not to initiate anything just yet . a few things may have altered before you are ready to go , which means that your plans could need restructuring . $ the energy radiating from the day 's aspect brings you the potential for great success in romantic and partnership affairs . as you do not tend to rush into anything without undue care and attention , and have a practical attitude toward love and relationships , you will find this a very rewarding time . someone you draw closer to today also shares your way of thinking . the two of you could make a great team . $ the celestial configuration encourages you to make a momentous decision today . if you are happy with your current relationship , you will certainly be more than delighted when your partner ( current or prospective ) hints that it may be good to take it to a new stage of commitment . you both feel very emotionally secure , and willing to do whatever it takes to make it a success . $ sometimes it takes an unusually intense force to shift a very entrenched obstacle . the planetary energy may make you aware of just how angry you really are . it may well clear the air if you can find a way to express this without losing control altogether . you will feel a release from pressure , and they will understand a little more about where your boundaries lie . $ best not to even think about going out on that date tonight . if there is any way you can put it off for a few days , then do so . for some cosmic reason the evening just will not take off , so it may be best to go off and do something else by yourself , or have a break . it is going to work eventually ; you will not have lost out . $ the astral influence certainly gets you off your backside today and moving in the direction of doing something positive about that so called romantic relationship of yours . with the grace of a chimpanzee you swing into action , carefully negotiating a deal that suits you both , and at the same time making sure that you get exactly what you know is your right . who can fail to be impressed ? $ if you have been toying with the idea of arranging a party for all the people you are associated with at work , this would be a great time to do so . the energy from the planets means that no matter how trying a time people have had lately , they are willing to put it behind them and have some fun . you too have a few surprises in store ! $ the current planetary aspect may encourage you to be even more serious than usual . if you and a loved one are considering making an even deeper commitment to each other and strengthening the bond , then you will both want to think about this and discuss the implications of doing so . however , once you have seen that it will work , you may cut loose and decide to celebrate . do not hold back - enjoy ! $ you certainly have your work cut out for you today . you are very interested to go out on a certain date . the part you are not so keen about is where you have to give some kind of emotional return for everything you receive . it is one thing to conquer , and yet another to enter into a true partnership . $ the energy of the day is making you feel nervous when it comes to a date with someone special . you like to know where you stand , or what you can hope to get out of any liaison , but right now you cannot even begin to guess . perhaps it is wise to not even try , but just enjoy the evening for what it has to offer on its own merits . $ the astral alignment encourages you to focus less on your duties and responsibilities , and more on getting out and enjoying yourself . do not feel that by accepting that invitation to dinner you are lacking in discipline . you need this break and time to relax in the company of someone you really like being with . give yourself some space to free up . you can get back to work tomorrow . $ if you have been looking for someone special , then you may be surprised at what transpires at work today . an apparently innocent conversation could be the start of something extremely special , but it will be the feeling of meeting on a mental level that will first draw you closer to each other . after a few discussions you can get down to some serious business . $ the energy radiating from the planets could make you determined to encourage someone close to you to see your point of view . if you want to keep on fairly good terms with them , it may help if you could cool down a little and try not to force the issue for a while . a heart - to - heart talk would do you both a world of good , if you could manage this . $ you tend to stick to difficult relationship situations for far longer than is actually necessary . the celestial configuration is helping you to understand just how soul - destroying it can be to hang on when every aspect of your being is urging you to move on and get out . you need to develop a little more compassion for yourself and give yourself a chance to change when and if necessary . $ the planetary atmosphere is causing you to react defensively to a certain situation concerning an important relationship . you feel that you want to toss back as much as you have so far received , with a few more choice words thrown in on top for good measure . however , this may serve to make the problem even more difficult , so it would be preferable to try to forgive and forget . $ discussions could enter some very metaphysical areas with regard to your close personal relationships . the day 's significant planetary aspect reveals there is possibly far more to your partner ( current or prospective ) ship than meets the eye . you may discover that you have both shared a past life together , or that you have a mission that you will both be involved in , in this one . your conversations will certainly range far and wide ! ! $ the planets are encouraging you to take a risk as far as getting that date with someone special is concerned . you have the opportunity to talk with them , but may need to tone down your enthusiasm , in case you put them off , rather than turning them on . you just need to be sensitive to their nature and to how much of your infectious humor they can take . $ you may find that your partner ( current or prospective ) is no longer in the mood for promises that never seem to come to fruition . they are tired of listening to stories of what might be , and only wish to know about what will be . it is part of your nature to be eternally optimistic , but for the moment at least , you need to be realistic as well . $ although contemplating the more practical and material aspects of daily life , and having to consider the financial details of a new relationship tend to make you want to run a mile , the celestial alignment is actually helping to bring you to your senses . you need this interlude and connection with reality to really make you think about where you are going and how much it could cost . $ your sense of humor really comes into its own today . if there is any problem between you and your sugar honey , then with some true communication and the ability to be open and honest with each other , you should be able to laugh it off . at times like this , the good in the relationship far outweighs the problematic . make each other smile . $ this is a day when you may feel like spending some time on your own . not that there is any problem between you and your sugar honey , it 's just that at times you really appreciate your own company . make it clear that you are not about to abandon your sweetheart , but would like to get in touch with your deeper nature right now . $ you would rather run a million miles than have to deal with the kind of romantic situation you face today . the planetary lineup is forcing you to look at something that you have not wanted to acknowledge . it really is not that bad , it 's just your fear of tackling it . go ahead with confidence , and all will resolve itself in the end . $ you can use the energy of the planetary lineup to blast your way through an obstacle that is getting in the way of an important relationship . you both really need to talk , but in such a way that you can let go of your pride and stubbornness and be honest and authentic with each other . the more flexible you can both be , the better . $ you are usually fairly talkative , and have more of a problem stopping than in keeping the conversation going . but for once you seem to be stuck for words . it 's just that a slightly embarrassing situation has come up , and you really do not know how to deal with it . step over that invisible line and say it like it is . it will not be that bad . $ you may find you have bitten off more than you can chew today . if you have just become involved in a new relationship , you may be regretting the haste with which you entered into it , as one or two issues may now have become glaringly obvious and will definitely have to be discussed . the sooner you can do this without causing offence , the better . $ you would do best not to take offense at something your partner ( current or prospective ) may inadvertently say to you today , even if you do feel hurt . there is a chance that it could escalate out of all proportion to the original problem and become more than a simple disagreement . if you truly love each other , then just let it go , and no harm will be done . $ if you and your partner ( current or prospective ) have been considering taking a break , this may be a great time to plan it . you are both in an adventurous enough mood to make a good choice . if you are looking for a new relationship , then you may have more luck at a gym club , or even a dance class , where you 'll meet others on your wavelength . $ you can lavish a loved one with all the care and attention you can muster , knowing that they too will want to return the favor . but rather than telling them how you feel , they will prefer to be shown in a more practical way , either through a gift , or by taking them somewhere that means something special to both of you . $ the energy of the day encourages you to seduce your current favorite person through the power of conversation . you always have plenty to say , but you may do better to be a little more mysterious , and not to give so much of yourself away in one go . do it slowly and tantalizingly , like a rose unfolding . others will be drawn to you and will want to continue figuring you out . $ you may find yourself attracted by all that is different , unique , and original in a person today . it will not be anything particularly earthy about them that corners your attention , but all those subtle qualities of personality and character , combined with an invisible , but very palpable magnetism . you will find yourself entranced - but do keep at least one foot on the ground . $ relationships are a process of discovery , and now you may find some of your more exciting discoveries may be in places where some kind of teaching based on spiritual principles goes on . here you will meet kindred souls who can share your journey in consciousness , and talk endlessly about the path into the light . you will feel as though you have come home . $ you are encouraged you to think in new ways , and examine some of your ideas about how you conduct your relationships in order to understand some of the underlying patterns that run them . one particular revelation may bring you such a release that a certain partnership stands to benefit immeasurably from your new understanding . hang on to this , and do not let it slip away . $ do not be too worried if a loved one seems less fiery or spirited , and altogether more subdued than usual . the current planetary aspect encourages you both to be more realistic in assessing what you both want from your relationship , and also what you can both attain . it do not hurt to just spend time not doing anything in particular , but just enjoying the feeling of being together . $ you may be feeling a new heartfelt enthusiasm when it comes to your romantic relationship . if there has been a certain aloofness present in your interactions of late , then you could change this today by deciding to do something together . take a day to go somewhere you have never been before so that you can spend plenty of time exploring . $ sometimes our relationships take a surprising new direction into an adventure that we had just not previously considered . you may be presented such an opportunity today , through a chance meeting or coincidence . if you do not seize the moment , you may miss out on something that extends the boundaries of your experience and brings you ever closer together . do it for each other 's sake . $ there is an opportunity now to rearrange and alter the circumstances of your life . relationships form a major part of our world , and right now you are transforming so many aspects of your character that perhaps this has been reflected in your partner ( current or prospective ) ships lately . do not let this worry you , as when the time is right it will all fall beautifully into place . $ you may see an old issue from a new perspective that gives you a great opportunity to do something about it . as you are usually very open and blunt about things , just be careful that you do not say something that may hurt your partner ( current or prospective ) in the process . you need to be honest , but in such a way that they feel loved rather than nagged . $ you may suddenly feel as though you are tiring of attracting the same kind of relationships . the planet 's p position in the skies may make you question why a certain kind of person seems to come into your life again and again . perhaps you need to change your routines , and certainly to change your circle of friends . cultivating new hobbies and habits may also be of great benefit . $ the position of the planets means you will have to be calm today , when perhaps you would rather express your frustration over a certain partnership issue . the real difficulty is that neither of you are willing to compromise at the moment , which does not make things easy . but even if you cannot agree on everything , perhaps you could begin to agree on smaller issues , as a sign of goodwill . $ relationships may go through deep and meaningful changes today with the current celestial atmosphere influencing our romantic lives . if you have been having a little trouble committing yourself totally to your latest partnership , then you could find that your attitude improves from now on . you suddenly realize that if you pass up on this opportunity , you could completely miss out on something that promises to be quite exceptional . $ today 's position of the planets means that you have a chance to learn something new today that may make quite a difference to your love life . but it is not so much what you learn , as where you learn it that counts , because it may be that one of your fellow students turns out to have similar ideas and ideals to yourself , and also quite likes the way you look ! ! $ today 's planetary position may mean that your date tonight turns out to be far more sentimental than you had perhaps bargained for . you too enjoy an honest expression of tenderness and feeling , but too much of it tends to get on your nerves and can make you feel quite sick . perhaps you need to come to some alternative understanding about the nature of your relationship . $ the current celestial atmosphere may not be the best cosmic climate for you to ask someone special if they would like to go out on a date with you . for reasons known only to themselves , they just cannot seem to get into the mood of the occasion , or respond adequately to your request . but do not take this personally , as soon things will be very different . it is possible for you to become more intimate . $ the planetary alignment of the day means that you are in a far more idealistic mood than may be healthy for you . if you have been thinking of asking someone close out on a date , then just be careful that you do not get carried away by some aspect of their appearance or manner , and think they are too wonderful . it is important that you maintain a sense of perspective . $ if you are going out on a date today , do not expect to have a romantically wonderful evening , but do expect to have an amazing time . a favorable planetary aspect means that you will most likely find your new friend to be tremendously stimulating company , and they are also likely to be able to introduce you to whole new dimensions of living . great things are in store for you . $ the present configuration of the planets means that some very unexpected events may alter the course of your love life today . you may have planned to go out , not really expecting anything much to happen , but may then be very surprised to find that one meeting in particular has an electrifying effect upon you . what happens as a result of this is that you may develop a wonderful new association . $ you will enjoy some wonderful and truly enlightening conversations today , with the energy that is present . if you are going out on a first date , expect your discussions to range over some pretty deep subjects , such as the meaning of life . if you are in a permanent relationship , then make time to get out and see a really good show , as this will help you both relax . $ love has that feeling of conquest about it , with the present celestial atmosphere . you know that there is a certain person who needs to be wooed and seduced into your life ; today you may feel inspired to work out a bold plan as to how you can go about doing so . you do not even mind if this do not work out immediately , as you are happy to just enjoy the chase . $ today 's transit means that you have every chance of attracting the right person today , as long as you can be open to taking advantage of a certain opportunity as soon as it presents itself . you may have wished for an occasion when you could meet up with them , or at least get some chance to talk . this will come along , but you will have to be quick . $ you and a loved one may become carried away by an idea that seems too good to be true . the position of the planets encourages you to be careful that you do not go to extremes , and become so involved that you fail to see problems lurking beneath the sweet scent of success . by all means , plot and scheme , but get the advice of another before putting your plan into action . $ today 's aspects indicate that you may have been intending to inscribe some deep and meaningful piece of poetry for your beloved , something that would perhaps bring a little tear to their eye . but sadly , as far as subtlety and refinement go , you were last in the queue when it was handed out . yet if they really love you , a scratchy note would also do the trick ! $ the alignment in the skies means you have a chance to win back the person one of your friends seemed to have cunningly stolen from you . you are feeling in a bold and assertive mood , and not at all shy about reminding them just how much fun you used to have , and how much more attractive you are than . . . , whose main problem is that they resemble a frog . $ the celestial atmosphere today encourages you to discover more about the possibilities inherent within the framework of your current relationship . you have both reached a crossroads , and are at the point of finding a new direction . you will need to be honest with each other about what you want to do , and how much of it you can actually do together to the satisfaction of both of you . $ with the position of the planets today , love is a question of working out your priorities . this aspect encourages you to take a good look at your motives for wanting to be involved with a certain person . if you are attracted a purely physical level , there is no guarantee that it will last once you have exhausted the novelty of being with someone new . you would be better to have a more spiritual connection . $ the astral configuration today means that this is a very positive time to take a break away from your usual routine , and go and do something exciting with your sweetheart . if there is a subject that you are both eager to explore , then go ahead and do so . the more obscure and difficult it is to find the answer , the more you will both enjoy yourselves . $ the current celestial atmosphere encourages you to stick around and make the best of a potentially difficult situation today , even though you would rather run a million miles and get as far away from your partner ( current or prospective ) as possible . it do not really matter who started the argument , but one of you needs to offer up the olive branch and start the process of making amends . do the honorable thing . $ the celestial atmosphere today means you can take your wildest dreams seriously , as you have the full permission of the cosmos . not only will this enrich your situation and suggest powerful ways in which you can enhance the fun in your relationship , it may also prove extremely beneficial in the future , when you can use them to create the perfect scenario for a very creative love life . $ today 's astral configuration may be just the perfect occasion to make a special wish come true . if you have been waiting for some sign that your love interest feels about you the same way that you feel about them , then this could be it . you may be about to discover that your hopes for a deep and fulfilling relationship are coming true . $ if you find yourself feeling a little aloof and detached from your sweet heart today , you can blame it on the current planetary aspect . you dislike feeling tied down to anything , whether it be a routine or a relationship . so it may be best to take advantage of the cosmic climate and do a little exploration into your motives , hopes , and fears . be prepared to be surprised . $ the celestial atmosphere of the day indicates that you really do want the best for your current relationship , that you are hoping it will blossom and flourish , and yet you are increasingly experiencing a niggling doubt at the back of your mind . take some time to think and reflect , rather than getting caught up in precipitous actions . allowing yourself to mull over the problem will bring you clarity . $ the celestial atmosphere of the day is giving you the opportunity to find out just how much excitement and adventure one particular relationship is capable of . if you are still testing the water , then you may like to take it to the limit by doing something very bold , daring , and enterprising that involves all of your combined skills and genius . if this works out , perhaps you 'll give it a chance ! $ today 's astral configuration could encourage you to believe almost anything . in terms of one particularly important relationship , though , you need to make certain that you do not only believe , you actually know . this may be a little tough , because the veil dividing what it true from is not true is very fine . it would be best to rely on your gut instinct to give you the most accurate impression . $ if you are going out to a party or other function this evening , then just be aware that you could find yourself involved in a very passionate affair . today 's positive aspects mean that love will be pursuing you quite strongly . if this turns out to be someone that you have had your heart set on , you will be over the moon . if not , just be honest ! $ today 's planetary alignment means that you have a chance to do some exciting things with your partner ( current or prospective ) , or perhaps to meet up with some very new and different people who will be able to make quite a difference in your life . whatever you do , this is not a day to stay in and stick with your usual routine . be creative and adventurous , and above all , have fun ! $ you may not enjoy being faced with a few home truths today , with the current astral configuration , yet this may be a very positive event . one of your more annoying traits may be that you find it hard to listen to good advice or to allow anyone to criticize you . yet your partner ( current or prospective ) needs to let you know where their line is drawn . best pay attention . $ it do not hurt to keep someone guessing , and this is a game that you are especially good at . the astral configuration heightens your ability to keep the ball in your court by encouraging you to communicate enough to keep this person hanging on , yet not enough to really let them in on some of your deeper feelings or even your darker secrets . today you enjoy playing cat and mouse ! $ life is not always just as we would like it to be , and relationships can certainly seem to defy all our most ingrained hopes and expectations . today 's position of the planets may mark a significant chapter in the ongoing deepening of the bond between you . what transpires may mean that you have to alter your perspective radically , but sometimes this is necessary for dreams to come true . $ the celestial atmosphere means you have the chance to take stock of a recent relationship and see what lessons you can learn that will help you have more fulfilling partnerships in the future . perhaps one of the most important insights is not to try and pigeonhole yourself or others . allow the unique individual that you are to really shine out , and allow others to be themselves , as well . $ it seems that whatever you do today has a powerful effect on the life of someone close to you . the planetary energy at play brings with it the desire and the ability to forge full speed ahead . naturally , you would like a partner to be right there with you . but if they are unable to , you may need to be prepared to go the next few steps alone . $ you will probably spend most of the day smiling . whether or not you are already in a permanent relationship , the celestial lineup makes for a time when everything seems sunny , no matter what the weather . you may meet someone very interesting , but the key factor will be their sense of humor , and also their ability to talk about philosophical matters with a smile on their face . $ all you have to do today to impress someone is to be absolutely yourself , warts and all . there is no need to hold back . you can tell all your worst jokes , be as open as you like , say all those things that you are not supposed to say , and the result will be that you fulfill someone 's every dream . hard to believe , but true ! $ you can indulge in your favorite hobby today , which is deep and meaningful conversation . you have an opportunity to talk about your feelings for your love interest , but you may also need to talk specifically about an issue from the past that has been haunting both of you . find the deeper meaning in this , and the day will have been very worthwhile . $ friends may wonder just where you are at today . the day 's planetary constellation makes you wonder as well . you seem to be intensely involved in trying to catch another 's attention , melting under their gaze , and weakening at the knees when they speak . friends wish you would snap out of this , as you are just not being yourself , and spend most of your time gazing into the distance . $ you will probably spend a lot of time just laughing today . the day 's planetary constellation is so sunny and buoyant ! if you have been going through difficulties with a current relationship , then you can go a long way toward healing any rifts by getting out and having a great time , and also using this opportunity to talk through any problems . you will have a much brighter perspective later . $ your problem is that , try as you might , you have no talent for lying . you may be encouraged to attempt to play with words concerning a certain subject . but you can never hide the truth for long , and will either start to blush or giggle , or a mixture of both . for a wonderfully romantic evening , just say it like it is the first time around . $ others seem to outdo your capacity to impress today . you have every opportunity to make your mark where a certain person is concerned . however , they also have designs on you , and may be very determined . startled is not the word , taken aback is getting close , but whatever you do , do not run away . this is too precious . $ you may go through several changes of opinion in a very short space of time today . the current transits indicate that you may find it difficult , even with your inbuilt ability to detect lies , to make out just what the truth really is . if you truly want the relationship to blossom , then perhaps it is best to ignore what has recently occurred . the choice is yours . $ the position of the planets may appear at first to present a hurdle that you cannot immediately seem to find any way to overcome . yet , in truth , this apparent obstacle is really a blessing in disguise when it comes to getting a clearer understanding of someone to whom you are gradually drawing closer and closer . it will enable you to find out how they really feel about you . $ you are of two minds today , with the current position of the planets . on the one hand , you do not want to be bothered with explaining yourself , as it would take up far too much time , and you also feel that the person in question would never truly understand . on the other , you desperately want to be understood in a deep and intuitive way that defies all words and attempts at rationalization . $ the present astral configuration gives you that extra touch of magnetism today - not that you really need much more , as people tend to find you fatally attractive anyhow . yet if there is someone whose heart you are determined to capture , you will not need to make very much effort to get what you want . you may just have to appear before them and smile . $ you may feel that the attitude of someone important to you seems very superficial , and does not really address the heart of the problem . the movement of the heavenly bodies is actually encouraging you both to stand back and see the difficulty between you from a more detached perspective . it is also urging you both to think of your relationship as an adventure , rather than something that has become a chore . $ there is an extremely powerful force in the air , which means you could use this energy to transform a certain situation for the better . with this you feel encouraged to summon your resources and break through a barrier that has been causing you a lot of consternation recently . you have enough determination , so go ahead , knowing that it can ultimately only improve matters between you and your love interest . $ the present celestial atmosphere certainly brings one relationship very much alive , even if you thought that it was just about to expire on the rocks . whatever you both get up to today , expect to find your love for each other growing at an alarming rate . you may even want to treat each other to a very special meal , replete with foods that will heighten your enjoyment . lucky you ! $ the current aspect gives you and your partner ( current or prospective ) a chance to lighten up after going through what can only be described as a particularly heavy time . you need this break to see that the recent events have not done any real damage to your relationship as a couple , but have merely put you through your paces . use this opportunity to go out somewhere special and have fun . $ there is more of a willingness to take action , partly due to the planetary alignment of today . you have a chance to begin a very fascinating conversation with someone , which could end up in a date . although it may take a while to reach a more passionate level , getting to this point will be equally interesting , as you will have to use your seductive techniques to the max ! $ the position of the planets indicates that although you want to get to the passionate stage of a current relationship , you will just have to wait . the person you are involved with needs to warm up to the idea of the pair of you becoming deeply intimate . they need to work on this for a while and adjust their emotional dials until they feel ready to cope with it . $ things may not go entirely as planned today , with the present astral configuration . surprises , especially associated with your love life , are certainly on the agenda . perhaps the first major shock could be when you discover that someone , who you have to admit you have been taking for granted lately , suddenly does something to make you realize that they have more fire in them than you realized . better watch out ! $ the position of the heavenly bodies encourages the poet within you to make an appearance . usually you do not care to mince your words , and will tend to get straight to the point in any situation , if this is what is required . however , you feel creative stirrings within your breast and desire to share them with a loved one . enjoy this burst of inspiration , as your sweetheart surely will . $ the cosmos provides enough passion to keep you smiling for some weeks to come . the astral configuration means that the meeting that occurs is one of a kind . it is all a question of chemistry , and you will both certainly find that you have the right reaction to each other . as soon as your eyes meet , there is a definite attraction between you that you find powerfully irresistible . $ you know all about the process of change and transformation . you have a natural ability to bring situations through to a resolution and so heal them . today 's planetary alignment gives you an added edge , an increased sensitivity to another 's pain . take them gently by the hand and help them through their nightmare . although this may be a friendship now , it could become a powerfully strong relationship over time . $ although it is natural for you to be drawn into the depths , you also appreciate days when there is a carefree and optimistic spirit around , as it reminds you not to take everything too seriously . the current astral configuration therefore encourages you and your partner ( current or prospective ) to totally relax in each other 's company , and spend some time together just enjoying life , without needing to analyze each other 's problems . $ today 's celestial atmosphere brings with it a chance to do some really good work today . if you and your partner ( current or prospective ) have been experiencing a period of difficulty , then use this powerful energy to dig deep within and get to the root of your problem . you will hopefully create a breakthrough , and this may actually strengthen the bond between you rather than weakening it . give it your best shot ! $ the position of the heavenly bodies indicates that you may not be able to undo the damage that has occurred within a special relationship . you may have been in conflict with yourself over whether to call it a day , or keep battling on in the hope that things will improve . yet in your heart you know what you need to do , and you will find the courage to make the change . $ if things have been rather heavy lately between you and your dearest love , then expect the planetary alignment to bring warmth and humor back into your lives . if you still have things that need talking about , then doing so in the current cosmic climate will restore your faith in each other , and in the relationship . you will find that there is a lot more mileage in it yet ! $ today 's astral configuration may mean you react by becoming paranoid concerning a certain emotional event . your love interest may not be plotting or scheming , though you cannot help imagining that they are . it seems you are too frightened to confront them for fear of discovering something you will not want to know . it is better to find out the truth than to keep on sulking and making everyone miserable . $ you are being even more underhanded than usual , and a whole shoal of red herrings are out in force to confuse the signals that you are trying not to give someone . the planetary transit indicates that they are more deeply intuitive then you could imagine , and have already worked out that there is more to you than meets the eye . the game is already up ! $ you will really be able to get down to business today , with the present astral configuration . this is a wonderful opportunity to allow some of your more tender feelings to surface , and to share then with someone you sincerely love and admire . if you still find it difficult to speak face - to - face , then a love letter or a poem will also make them feel like a million dollars . $ you may have been determined to wait until a certain person had passed all your love tests before allowing them to enter any further into your deeper feelings . yet today 's cosmic climate encourages you to cease being quite so manipulative and allow them the benefit of the doubt . this will bring you far closer together on a truly meaningful level than all your games have done so far . $ the movement of the planets heralds a day in which romance takes on a much more powerful note . you can no longer pretend that whispering sweet nothings into each other 's ears and going for walks or in the park are enough . you realize there is a very strong connection between you that can no longer be ignored . you may as well gather your courage and say how you really feel . $ do not worry if some surprising news today makes you seriously consider why you are involved with your current sweetheart . the movement of the heavenly bodies brings clarity , but perhaps not before you have lost your temper . it is necessary for you to understand something about your friend 's motives , and also your own for becoming involved in the first place . put it down to another growth experience and do not look back ! $ the current planetary alignment may mean you have plenty to think about . being the kind of person you are , you will want to get to the bottom of this difficulty right away , and are quite prepared to call your love interest over for an in - depth chat . if you are too serious , you may not get anywhere . try injecting a little humor into the proceedings for a better chance of success . $ the alignment at play today brings a touch of passion to your life today . if you are just getting to know someone , then seize the opportunity to find out even more about how they tick . spend some time with them . you will also be very conscious of not wanting to appear too eager or too pushy , even though your heart is on fire . feel the heat , but keep cool ! $ feelings are running high , with the present planetary alignment . however , although both you and your potential partner know the score , you do not yet know each other sufficiently well to tell the truth about what seems to be developing between you . use this opportunity to get to know each other better by going out and doing something fun . everything will gradually begin to develop from this point on . $ you need to adopt a light touch when out on your date this evening . the position of the heavenly bodies means that rather than using your normal method of overpowering your victim with an intense and penetrating look , you might like to engage them in conversation first . in fact this could prove so interesting that they fall in love with you on the basis of your mind alone . and vice versa , of course . $ today 's planetary configuration may involve you in a very strange scenario . you are aware that someone close to you may not be telling the entire truth about themselves , and to be quite honest , you would really like to know why . being as you are , you can only suspect the worse until you find out the reality of the situation . so go for the jugular ! $ the alignment at play today may initially give you the impression that your latest love interest is two cents short of a dollar . you could be forgiven for thinking that somewhere inside their tiny mind the last remaining brain cell has keeled over . actually they are making a massive effort to be different . they are trying to please you , so smile and be eternally grateful , even if it do not come easily . $ the current astral configuration could be helpful today on your first date . there is every chance that you will discover you have a real rapport between you , and that this goes much further than surface issues . you will be happy and relaxed in each other 's company , and realize that you have found someone you can trust at the deepest level . this is likely to grow into something special . $ the movement of the planets in the sky today gives you all the extra energy you need to accomplish a certain goal . your love life may never be the same again , as this particular mission concerns someone special . it has seemed that many obstacles have apparently gotten in the way of your being together , some that have appeared both unnecessary and also unfair . today you are in a position to do something about this . $ today 's position of the planets may mean that the day starts out a little complicated , but with some insistent questioning and a bit of smart detective work , you should have the problem sorted by lunch . at least you will have sorted out your love interest , whose attitude may have seemed to you to be the cause of the difficulty . whether they agree with you is another issue altogether . $ conversation could become very exciting , with today 's position of the heavenly bodies . you may not realize just how truly entertaining the sound of vowels and syllables rolling off the tongue can be , and how much they can improve your love life . you do not need to lay a finger on your sugar honey to get them in the right mood - you just need to talk them into submission . $ although you or your partner ( current or prospective ) may be feeling more serious than usual , this do not mean that you cannot still enjoy a date together . the current astral configuration may encourage you to choose somewhere that is not too jolly , as you will not enjoy that scenario . but you may get a lot of pleasure out of a play or movie that discusses certain issues in depth and is quietly informative . $ if you are going out on a first date , then be prepared for a wonderful time , thanks to the present planetary alignment . do not immediately distrust your partner ( current or prospective ) just because they show up with a red rose and a bottle of sparkling champagne , and wonder why they are being so nice . some people are genuinely sweet , just because it 's the way they are . be relaxed , enjoy yourself , and you will find that this evening is definitely worth repeating . $ today you discover that you and another person share a vital and wonderful chemistry between you . the current astral configuration means that your relationship may now head into new and very different waters after perhaps months or years of being friends or acquaintances . you will find out that you can relate to each other 's peculiar fantasies and strange quirks , and this makes you love each other even more . $ today 's movement of the planets means that your relationship with a potential love interest is far less complicated than you think . you are trying to work out what their motives could be in wanting to get to know you , and also why they behaved as they did in the past . these things are best left out of the equation . do not reflect about each other motivations . just be open and natural , and enjoy each other 's company . $ you tend toward silence quite often as a means to take control over certain romantic proceedings , or as way of making a point without actually having to make it . the position of the planets today really encourages you not to do this today regarding your certain someone , as they will not appreciate this kind of behavior , and could prematurely end the beginning of something special . $ today 's position of the heavenly bodies may bring you to a powerful conclusion that enables you to make a decision about a certain relationship . if you have been feeling that you do not know where you stand , then you need to get this straightened out for your own peace of mind . say exactly what you can accept and what you cannot , so that they know where they stand . $ today 's planetary alignment brings with it a very significant opportunity to get back together with someone whom you have recently fallen out with . you have been regretting this incident ever since it happened , and have been wondering what you could do to make amends . today you get the chance at a social engagement to go and speak , even though your heart is in your mouth . it will work . $ it is easier for you to talk about your feelings today than to not talk about them . the planetary energies are encouraging you to be yourself , utterly and completely . do not try and play down how you feel ; just try to be polite when stating your truth so as not to appear lacking in tact or discretion . it will be better to be honest in all areas , and own up to everything . $ a square between the moon and neptune makes this a wonderfully mystical evening , the kind that is just perfect for you if you are going out on a first date with someone . you can sit and discuss each other 's astrological signs , and who you might have been in past lives , and if you have been love interests ever before . read each other 's palms and generally have a really amazing evening together . $ do not worry if there seems to be an element of friction or tension between you and a loved one . the current planetary alignment is making it difficult to communicate your feelings . you are tempted to go to extremes , which may not be the best response . the way in which you can solve this is by trying out different perspectives for size , and finding one that suits you both . $ today 's planetary alignment helps you to put a name to some of the vague feelings that have been drifting through your consciousness lately . in discussion with your partner ( current or prospective ) you begin to see where these emotions have sprung from , and what has caused them . this will help both of you to get to the root of a fear - based issue that has haunted you for some time , and heal it . $ you may find it difficult to grasp what is going on between you and your sweetheart today , especially under the influence of today 's astral configuration . there seems to be a powerful force drawing you ever closer together , which you cannot seem to understand , no matter how much thought you give it . do not even try ; just enjoy the growing feeling of real love that is developing between you . $ you may adopt a cool and apparently unapproachable exterior in order not to allow someone you deeply care for to see how you really feel . the aspect at play today will indicate that although they may not have intended to hurt you , you will have no intention of showing them how much they actually have affected you . however , this is not really a very constructive approach ; being honest is much better . $ today 's astral configuration brings reality and fantasy face - to - face . in actual fact what you are looking at is one set of events that has already happened , and one that potentially could , but so far has not . you would benefit from getting your priorities in order to truly understand which of them is most important , and therefore what your course of action is likely to be . $ although you may not be where you want in a current relationship , you can make some progress today . the current astral configuration implies that it may not be in the direction you would ideally like , but it will be something . if you have had thoughts about taking on a practical project that you can do together , then this is the right time to plan it . $ the current astral configuration is great for patching up difficulties within your current relationship . there is a great deal of warmth around in the atmosphere , which will make you lose that tendency to keep your feelings hidden , and encourage you to be more open and responsive to your dearest love . take advantage of this to do something wonderful together and deepen your bond even further . $ it only takes one spark to create a fire , and similarly it only takes one of cupid 's arrows to start a raging love affair . the current planetary alignment may just provide the necessary ingredient today to do just that . needless to say it will be totally unexpected . but you 'll soon get to like it , and will be glad that for once you too were fooled by fate . $ the current aspect at play means that you have a wonderful opportunity to share your deeper feelings with someone special , and for once you will not be at all worried about what you have to reveal . there is a powerful feeling of harmony and warmth around , which is contagious . perhaps you have never spoken to a loved one in such a way - they will want to repeat the experience . $ today 's celestial energy may add a twinkle to your eye and a sense of mischief to your plans . if you have arranged a date with a loved one , you will also find them to be in a spirited mood . if the relationship is new , then this will cement the bond more deeply . if you already know each other , you can relax in each other 's company . $ you may find that a particularly spirited discussion leads to some decisive action in terms of your current relationship . the current planetary alignment encourages you both to share your feelings honestly , and to clear up any misunderstanding and confusion straight away . today you have the potential to break through to a new level , and if you manage this , you will both be very pleased . $ if your love interest seems exceptionally silent and uncommunicative today , it could be due to the influence of the current astral configuration . if you insist on pressuring them into giving you some kind of an answer , then you will make the situation even worse . the best you can do is to leave them alone until they feel ready to speak - till then , be patient and know it will all be just fine . $ you can use aloofness and withdrawal as powerful weapons in the relationship game . the current aspect at play means you may be tempted to do so today , as you could be in a slightly vengeful mood . needless to say , this is not the best way to go about things , and it would be better if you could openly admit that you are hurt , rather than close up and stop communicating . $ the current astral configuration hints that you could be overtaken by some powerful and passionate feelings on your date . there is real intensity in the air , which means that you will enjoy the whole encounter very much . perhaps it is because you do not know this person very well that they appear so enigmatic and exciting . you will certainly want to see much more of each other . $ the current celestial energy makes you more determined than ever to say what you have to say to a loved one . although you may think that doing this is a big deal , in actual fact it is not , and they may not even realize what lengths you had to go to in order to speak up . you need to learn that your feelings are nothing to be ashamed of . $ today 's astral configuration encourages you to make the most of a wonderful opportunity . if there is someone out there whom you know is secretly fond of you , and of whom you , too , have a great deal of affection , then use this cosmic influence to the maximum to arrange a meeting of some kind , even if you have to bump into them accidentally on purpose . it will be worth it ! $ as water needs a channel through which it can flow , you need a firm and sound base before you will allow your deep and intense feelings to surface in a relationship . today 's planetary alignment gives you just the feeling of security that you have been secretly hoping for . you will realize that the person you are with is not someone who will give up at the slightest difficulty . $ the current astral configuration implies that there is a slightly more intellectual attitude around right now , and any intimate conversations that you have will focus on discussing the latest and hottest topics , which will also include a fair bit of gossip . if you are looking for love , then it is the light and easy touch that wins . do not be too gushing straight away , as this could put that delicious person off . $ the current astral configuration may reconnect you to someone whom you once knew a while back , and had almost forgotten . but they have obviously not forgotten you , as they seem to have made definite arrangements to be in your vicinity at just the right time . while you may be shocked , you may also be a lot more surprised to discover just how well you now get on . $ the current aspect at play could tend to bring out a few of the insecurities that you usually manage to keep safely and discreetly tucked away . some of your deeper fears and phobias are now much closer to the surface . you may , for example , question various aspects of your current relationship . do not allow this to get to you too much - this mood will pass quite quickly , with no real harm done . $ the current astral configuration brings with it the need to be alone in order to contemplate some of the events that have happened recently , and also to help you to come to an understanding of what it is you want out of a certain relationship . you need this space so that you can center yourself and calm down . once you have regained your bearings you will be fine . $ today 's aspect at play could mean that a special conversation , either through professional or personal contacts , could turn out to be more than you bargained for . if you have been wondering if you would ever meet someone who seemed to share your thoughts , ideas and ideals , then you may need to look no farther . this is a very powerful indication that your dreamboat has arrived . $ people are more open to expressing their feelings with today 's celestial energy , which makes life a lot easier in terms of a current personal relationship . no matter how much you may have tried to get your sweetheart to admit to their feelings for you , whether by fair means or foul , you may not have succeeded . but today , with no effort on your behalf , they will now divulge everything . $ the current planetary alignment indicates that you have quite a lot to say for yourself concerning a certain event , but do not actually feel like talking right now . if your relationship is going through a stormy patch , then it is naturally far easier to withdraw in hurt silence then to make the effort to discuss the situation . but this is what you must do if want to make some progress . $ you could be disturbed by a powerful current that you sense is present between you and another person with whom you have already decided it may be best to keep at a distance . the current astral environment may mean that fate intervenes , and as much as you would prefer not to lose control and fall in love - you may not be able to help it . $ there is no room for any vague thoughts or emotions as far as your love life is concerned . the planetary energy implies that someone close to you is not prepared to sit on the fence anymore . if you have been worried about exposing your real emotions for fear of rejection , then it is time to face them and say what is in your heart . $ the current celestial energy implies that you could have a truly wonderful time with your latest love interest . the atmosphere is ripe for pure romance , which may not have anything to do with reality , but will be great fun in the meantime . while you are making gooey eyes at each other , do not make too many ardent promises . wait till you know each other better . $ the current planetary energy is great for teaming up with someone new who shares your ideas , beliefs , and general philosophy . if you have been getting to know them and are hopeful it will turn into a deeper and more passionate relationship , then there is every chance that it will , but it may not happen overnight . you will have to get to know each other and trust each other first . $ current astral energies may indicate that someone with whom you thought you had a special relationship , or at least a deeper understanding , may not be quite the person you thought they were . if you had any romantic inclinations toward them , then perhaps this is a blessing right now , as you get the chance to see that both of you may be better off by not getting any further involved . $ you are capable at this time of feigning ignorance and pretending you know nothing about what is swiftly becoming a challenge in your love life . current astral energies indicate that by burying your head in the sand you are actually cheating yourself of a golden opportunity to recreate your relationship along new and more positive lines . it is worth a little turmoil for the good that will result . $ do not worry if you are not quite sure about how your current relationship is progressing . today 's astral alignment means you could discover over the course of the day that you have been wondering whether they really care about you or not . your intuition tells you that they do very much , and yet their actions at the moment may not seem to reflect this . trust what your heart is telling you . $ do not worry if you feel far more sentimental than usual ; it is probably due to current planetary energies . if you are already in a permanent relationship , then use this wonderful opportunity to celebrate your journey together so far and make an even deeper commitment for the future . if you are looking for love , then try getting involved with something associated with the arts . $ you may feel that someone is trying to push you more quickly into a relationship then you are prepared to go . the alignment of the planets creates a very energetic atmosphere in which those who are determined enough find it hard to put up with any obstacles . perhaps you need to say exactly why you feel as you do - that is , if you want any peace . $ today 's planetary energy may prove quite enlightening as you discover something that you do not know . it may transpire that someone you have been secretly fond of is equally as fond of you but may have been hiding their feelings for reasons that possibly do not make much sense . although this may come as quite a shock , it is actually a pleasant one - for once . $ the current astral alignment indicates that your love life may blossom in relation to your spirituality . perhaps you will bond with someone over your shared love of meditation or yoga . this blending of minds and hearts certainly seems to occur while you are away from your normal daily routine . it will be deeply satisfying to both of you . $ if you plan on getting to know someone better this evening , then you may feel as though you are being interrogated rather than flirted with . the current planetary alignment implies that this person will insist upon knowing every detail about you , your life , your ex - partners , your hobbies , and your lifestyle . do not take it so personally - they are absolutely crazy about you and are cherishing every moment of your company . $ if you have plans to get to know someone better , then you will enjoy the occasion no end . with today 's celestial energies , you will feel like a million dollars . you will both have a soothing and calming influence on each other , which enables you to relax and trust . you especially need to feel this before you will open up and talk from heart and soul . enjoy yourself . $ you feel great and full of charisma and magic , due to the current planetary alignment , which brings a special blend of romance in your life . if you are talking to someone for the first time , then you can expect to hit it off right away . you will feel relaxed and able to talk from your heart about anything , which is a blessing that should not be taken lightly . $ there is a good balance of old and new ideas filtering through your head today , making it easier for you to make an educated decision on your next major career move . do not be afraid to embrace a new idea while paying attention to older traditions . $ explosive dialogue will escalate regarding work , and most likely , you will be a big part of it . keep in mind that this verbal conflict may be just the thing that is needed to clear the air for better relationships all around . do not fear it . $ other people are difficult for you to deal with today . co - workers have a rather moody aspect to them that is making it hard for you to effectively communicate with anyone . you are better off tabling any important issues to another day . $ keeping your mind on the task at hand may be virtually impossible today . even if you are able to mentally focus , you will not be able to engage any drive or passion into your work . call it quits early today . there is no sense in fighting yourself . $ take the initiative today . do not wait for others to give you the green light . take control of the situation yourself . there is no reason for you to wait any longer just because other people are slacking . take this opportunity to get ahead . $ your skills as a diplomat will be put to the test today . angry communications will spring up all around and you will be called on to sort out the broken pieces . trust that you can indeed bring peace to an extremely volatile situation . $ do not let a special opportunity pass you by . someone will say something casually in passing that may spark your interest . do not let this inspiration die . jot down this idea , phone number , or contact name . this is the big one you 've been waiting for . $ organize your workspace today . you will be much more efficient overall if you are operating in a space that is neat , well laid out , and clutter - free . do not be afraid to invest the time it takes to establish a better working environment for yourself . $ your fast - talking , quick - thinking ways will come in extra handy today . there will be many opportunities in which you will need to be thinking on your feet . trust yourself to make these spontaneous decisions instead of spending hours deliberating . $ your overall mood is quite good today , setting the tone for a very productive workday . today is a good day to ask for favors from someone that you normally might avoid altogether . others will be very amiable and supportive of your needs . $ you may feel you have lost your edge in the career world today . do not throw up your arms completely . this feeling is only temporary . remember that in order to be successful in the business world , you need to roll with the punches . keep your chin up . $ a little bit of effort will go a long way for you at this time . do not underestimate your power to accomplish what is most important to you with regard to your career . circumstances around you are in your favor so take advantage of this favorable time . $ you will have a significant amount of breathing space today , so take advantage of it . assess your situation without getting caught up in the drama surrounding you . this time alone will be extremely valuable with regard to your overall efficiency . $ you are in a period of growth with regard to your career . overall , you are on the upswing . the daily grind may have its ups and downs , but when you step back and look at your situation , you are making significant progress toward larger goals . $ friction regarding work will be a common thing for you today . in an effort to keep the peace , however , you may bite your tongue and hold your anger inside . this is not a healthy tactic . you are better off approaching your agitator head on . $ you have the opportunity to make great strides in your work today by putting together different pieces of the puzzle . you have the unique ability to bridge the gap between different people and make them see their potential when working together . $ someone may come down hard on you for changing your mind so many times today . do not let him or her get you down . there is no reason to think less of yourself or let someone think less of you just because you continue to modify your opinion . $ the connection you have been waiting for will come through today . you have every reason to be optimistic with regard to a project that you have been working on or a deal that you have been hoping for . success is on its way today . congratulations . $ people are a bit jumpy around the office today , so proceed with caution . if someone rubs you the wrong way , try not to lash out at this person too harshly . your tendency may be to do so , even without realizing it . keep hurtful comments to yourself . $ people will come around to your side today and realize that your artistic approach is best . do not be afraid to show off your incredible imagination . this quality is not something to hide . it is something to be proud of . you have great power there . $ put your foot down today . unless you take a more definitive stand , someone is going to walk all over you . this is not a time to shrink in the background and let someone else make all of your decisions for you . be strong and decisive . $ events and people around you will be moving at lightning speed , but you will have no trouble keeping up . you will feed voraciously on the energy of the day . new ideas will be flowing and any sort of brainstorming work will be a huge success . $ take the initiative to start a new routine for yourself in the workplace today . do not be afraid to bite off more than you think you can chew . you will handle every new task just beautifully . do not doubt yourself . have faith in your abilities . $ take the initiative to start a new routine for yourself in the workplace today . do not be afraid to bite off more than you think you can chew . you will handle every new task just beautifully . do not doubt yourself . have faith in your abilities . $ take care of the basics today . do not try to get ahead of yourself in order to prove to someone else that you are further along than you really are . this will only set you further back in the long run . start at square one and work steadily from there . $ you will be easily frustrated today by the lack of cooperation from the people you work with . normally , you are the one helping to bring people together , but today , you may snap . other people 's immature approach is simply too much for you to handle . $ pay attention to the e - mails that show up in your inbox today . make an extra effort to return phone messages and written inquiries . an important piece of information will come to you via one of these mediums . you do not want to miss out on it . $ your indecisive nature is going to be worse than ever today . looking to other people for advice is only going to confuse you more . thoughts are going to get tangled up in your head and you will not be able to think straight . stop working early . $ combining your creative abilities with your magnificent charm and communicative talents will create a winning combination today that will make you unstoppable . pool your resources together and go for it . you will succeed at whatever you undertake . $ you may get scorned by a superior today for snoozing on the job . do not let anyone see your lazy side , because you will get reprimanded for it . other people are working hard , so you should as well . you will feel better about yourself when you do . $ today is a better day for adapting to current conditions than trying to start something new . any new plans you try to make today will likely be a waste of time . try not to get frustrated with the way things are . just roll with it . $ any risks you take regarding work will most certainly pay off . you are in a position of great power and your confidence is high . do not let this wonderful advantage go to waste . have confidence in yourself and others will have confidence in you . $ in order to be successful today , you need to be more aggressive in your approach . other people are doing just that , and you will find that if you do not follow suit , you will be left behind . be assertive when it comes to getting your two cents in . $ you are in the very beginning stages of an idea . this idea needs to be nurtured and loved . like a newly germinated seed , you need to be extra careful and sensitive to this new idea . let it grow slowly and be patient . it will grow to fruition . $ your vacillating mind will not get much support from others , so you might as well save your energy trying to get advice from the people around you . you are better off doing your own research in books , magazines , and periodicals . your answers are there . $ toward the end of the day , you will finally feel like you are getting the attention and recognition that you deserve . your hard work is finally paying off and other people are realizing how valuable you really are . you do excellent work and it shows . $ it may be hard for you to do your work today without a partner by your side , but trust that you are better off without one . when working alone , you are likely to flourish . you will find that an independent approach works best . trust yourself . $ there are uncomfortable emotional overtones surrounding your job that will add an element of discomfort to whatever you are involved with . do your best to navigate around this extremely sensitive atmosphere . be an active listener instead of a talker . $ you may feel as if all of your allies are turning against you . friendly professional relations are now starting to turn sour . as a result , your mood is likely to turn sour as well . this will only make matters worse . try to stay optimistic . $ everything is exploding around you . you feel as if everything is coming apart . most likely , it is . do not worry . keep your chin up . this is a message from the universe that you need to change and regroup . try a new approach . the old one is not working . $ people may seem to be your friend but be careful . it could be that they are just using you to get what they want . it may be hard to understand people 's motives on a day like this . be cautious and do not give any secrets away to an unreliable source . $ conserve your energy today instead of moving forward on a plan that has not fully solidified . you are better off waiting and coming up with plans b and c rather than moving ahead blindly with plan a . others will gravitate toward your approach . $ there is friction regardless of where you turn , and it may feel as if you cannot do anything right in the workplace . do not automatically assume that you are to blame . you are not . try to stay out of the conflict instead of jumping right into it . $ events continue to be hectic surrounding work and the last thing that exists is peace . do not get too bent out of shape over this fact . realize that this is just a phase and that you can actually benefit by being a bit more assertive yourself . $ other people may want to be left alone today , so do not bother them . just make sure that you do not interpret their actions as an insult toward you . keep in mind that these people just need a bit of freedom and space to get their work done as well . $ you feel as if you need a translator in order to get your ideas across to others . people simply are not catching the wavelength that you are broadcasting on . shrug it off and do not be hard on yourself . you will click at another time so do not worry now . $ just when one problem seems to subside , another one crops up again . today 's work may be an uphill battle for you and the end is nowhere in sight . resist your tendency to throw up your arms in defeat . you will succeed if you really try ! $ an offer will come to you through the internet today that will be quite tempting . considering the state of mind that you are in , you will be easily convinced of the benefits that this offer promises . in short , you will be easily fooled . be careful . $ a conversation you have today is likely to have a very profound effect on you . great transformation may take place as a result of one simple dialogue with someone you encounter during your daily work regime . take these encounters seriously . $ issues in the workplace are going to come to a difficult climax . instead of a cooperative environment , you are likely to step into a warzone . have your guard up and try not to let people 's harsh comments affect you on a personal level . $ a creative and innovative approach is exactly what is needed to remedy today 's difficulties in the workplace . there is no sense trying to depend on old solutions to tackle the same old problems . now is the time to introduce something new . $ you have an important work - related secret that you are hesitant to disclose . this information is vital to the health and collective success of your workplace , but you fear the backlash that this information may create . let the cat out of the bag . $ someone in your workplace , perhaps even your boss , has an important change of heart on an issue that directly pertains to you . this reversal in decision means a big opportunity for you , and possibly even a larger salary . keep your eyes open . $ your thinking may shock others and you may lose support from the very people that you need to make favor with . keep in mind that not everyone agrees with your viewpoint . others are extra conservative at this time , so act accordingly . $ creativity has many different sides and you are in a perfect position to integrate these different facets together to create something quite masterful . combine old traditions with new and innovative techniques . the more imaginative , the better . $ a casual friend becomes an important ally today . keep the lines of communication open between you and this person so that you can both benefit from each other 's perspective of the truth . this alliance will become even more vital down the road . $ look deeper into a conversation that you have with someone today . there is hidden meaning in their words that you need to tune into . do not just take things on a surface level . if you do , you will be missing a very important piece of the puzzle . $ there is a great deal of nervous energy surrounding you . you are feeling pressure from all sides to act or perform a certain way . whether you like it or not , you will be caught in a difficult battle . be patient with others and try not to overreact . $ a male figure you work with or for is likely to be very quarrelsome . this person will use his power to dominate the situation - and people - in whatever way he can . right now , you are better off working with this person than trying to work against him . $ instead of working so hard to cater to other people s needs , let other people revolve around you for a change . take a firm stand but do so with a smile . you certainly have earned the right to have others do favors for you , instead of vice versa . $ a great fire is brewing , and your energy is helping to fuel it , for better or for worse . be sure you believe in what you are doing , because you are only going to get yourself in deeper as time passes . above all , stay true to yourself . $ do not pretend that everything is fine when it is not . when you see errors in the plan , make sure you point them out to others . if you do not , the repercussions down the line will be horrendous . pay attention to details during all stages of the game . $ overall , this is not the best time of year for you , and this is certainly being reflected in your work . keep in mind that this difficulty can be made easier today when you talk frankly with someone you trust . discussing your fears will ease them . $ people will be singing your praises today , and rightly so . you are a wonderful asset to have in the workplace . although you may not be the hardest worker , you are creative , artistic , and you are extremely good at communicating with others . $ you are feeling extremely confident and strong today , yet someone still thinks he or she knows better than you - and this person is going to challenge you on it . be prepared for a showdown . whatever you do , do not back down . both of you can benefit . $ you may have the perfect solution to everyone else 's career dilemmas , but do you have a workable solution to your own ? focus your energy on your own issues instead of working so hard to solve everyone else 's . you cannot control others anyway . $ you may not like the poking and prodding that comes from other people , but this is their way to get you moving in a positive direction . trying to resist this action will only make things worse . you might as well get moving - the sooner the better . $ approach your work with humor and a positive attitude . others will listen to you and believe what you say simply because you have a smile on your face as you say it . your poise and good manners are valuable assets ; so , do not let them go to waste . $ recent frustration with career matters is likely to ease today as a new four - week planetary cycle begins . although overall relations with others may still not be as strong as you would like them to be , you are making progress on the whole . $ you are going through a rough period with regard to your career , and this is fine . do not pretend that everything is wonderful because it 's not . look to others for help and advice , but ultimately realize that only you can make yourself happy . $ work allies are likely to give you a hard time . at first you may get upset at their aggressive nature . upon closer examination , however , you will see that they are doing you a favor . they are helping you see another perspective . $ you have found yourself in a position that you enjoy , but you may be weary of the overall direction that your employer is working toward . feel free to speak your mind on this issue . your viewpoint will receive great respect and consideration . $ your physical energy is strong , giving you the ability to persevere through projects that are long and quite tiresome . use your energy wisely instead of letting it go to waste . concern yourself with your own work instead of other people 's work . $ use the clarity and mental strength you feel in the morning to your advantage . issues are well laid out and easy to understand . the answers will not be so obvious to you in the afternoon . indecision will sink in , and the path will become less clear . $ you will encounter difficult battles in your ongoing war with electronic gadgets over the next three and a half weeks . computers , cameras , and vehicles are likely to break down much more often than you would like them to . brace yourself . $ your levelheaded mind and peaceful nature are important assets . uncomfortable issues will lead to confusion all around . yours will be the voice of reason that people are looking for . be the lighthouse shining brightly to save others from the rocks . $ you will expend more energy and resources trying to avoid confrontation than if you were to actually embrace it . as much as you dislike disharmony with the people around you , today it may be a necessary evil . meet the difficult issues head on . $ someone with a great deal of influence will enter your life today and offer you a fantastic new work opportunity . prove you are worthy of this by demonstrating your trustworthy and stable attitude . a great deal of money comes along with this offer . $ combine creativity with computers . an artistic , imaginative approach is key , but only if you are able to integrate it with the technological advancements of the age . you are in the perfect position to combine both of these aspects into one . $ seek advice from those who are younger than you . although this may not be the automatic response to difficulties you are having , trust that this course of action will most certainly have the results that you are looking for . there is wisdom in youth . $ have more confidence in your work and the way you present it . most of the opinions that your employers have of you stem from your own attitude and your own confidence in the work you do . express yourself with a smile at all times . $ the flashes of creativity you receive will be very important to you . recognize these insights and act on them . it is important that you stimulate this part of your brain in order to balance out all the thinking and data processing you do with the other half . $ someone is trying to explain something to you , but it seems as if he or she is talking in another language . move on . work with the people and explanations that you understand instead of trying to decipher that which is completely unclear . $ do not spend so much time getting ready this morning that you make yourself late for work . a slightly disheveled appearance is better than no appearance at all . swallow your pride . besides , you already look better than most everyone else . $ some people cannot take a joke - especially today . be upfront with people and look them in the eye . you will not earn the respect of those you try to fool with at any level . keep your communication on the straight and narrow at this time . $ it will take you a while to get rolling . the morning will be a waste of time . you will wish that you had stayed in bed another four hours . you might as well . the day do not start for you until the afternoon . give yourself a break until then . $ demonstrate to others that you will not be pushed around . stand up for yourself and exert your power and will . you have wonderful ideas - so let them be heard instead of mumbling them to yourself under your breath when no one is listening . $ when taking the lead on projects or in group situations , make sure that you are respectful of other people 's conservative perspectives . this is one area that could get you into trouble . you may put your foot in your mouth if you are not careful . $ be careful of someone who may be trying to manipulate your choices . you have the power to turn the situation around and use it to your benefit instead . when making decisions , remember that you are the final judge , not someone else . $ be extra aware of your surroundings . you can learn a great deal by simply being attentive to the world around you . information can come from the most unlikely places . all you need to do is look around and observe . listen to others . $ you have the missing ingredient that other people are looking for . you easily know how to patch up disputes in the workplace . you can bridge the gap . there certainly will be differences of opinion today so you will have your work cut out for you . $ you seem to be the main focal point at this time . everyone is turning to you for suggestions and ideas . you like to be in the spotlight whether you admit this or not . now is the time to demonstrate your tremendous value in the workplace . $ although your concentration may be strong , it may be difficult to keep focused , since someone else keeps pushing your buttons . you get the feeling that someone is trying to start a war with you . do not let yourself slip down to their level . $ someone you have been relying on for information is suddenly changing his or her mind . the facts have changed , and you need to pick up the pieces and put them back together in a new way . take your time and be patient with the changing circumstances . $ just because someone else do not completely understand your ideas do not mean that your ideas are no good . relations with others might be a bit off for the next three weeks or so . being aware of this trend will help you navigate the waters better . $ you are willing to commit to a certain extent , but yet you are hesitant to commit all the way . do not be . now is the time to do something with great confidence . either pursue this idea with everything you 've got , or do not pursue it at all . $ take a moment to reflect on your long - term goals . now is the time to get grounded and take a realistic perspective on your situation . in order for you to be successful in the working world , you need to have at least one foot on the ground . $ the truth is right in front of you . you do not need to read between the lines in order to understand what is going on around you . the more you try to read into things today , the more confused you will become . the truth is simple . accept it as it is . $ you will find that energy moves in a more positive direction , starting today . feel free to purchase things with mechanical parts again - they will not break down on you as they have been doing the past three weeks . $ the planetary environment today is creating an overall atmosphere that is more lighthearted , easygoing , and flexible . for the next four weeks , this will be the overlying tone , thereby establishing a much more favorable atmosphere for you to operate in . $ do not be afraid to initiate something . get started on a project or idea that you think is important and other people will follow automatically . you will have a great deal of support with just about anything , so get going on something you believe in . $ your thinking will be creative , yet very grounded , setting up a recipe for great success at work . do not be intimidated by bullies who think they know better than you just because they have been doing the same work longer than you have . $ you have made it to a comfortable place in your career and it may be easy for you to be satisfied with the place you are currently at . do not become too complacent . you have made it this far - so now it is time to push yourself to the next level . $ make sure to get some physical exercise . being outside in the fresh air will be an extremely beneficial thing . at the very least , take a short walk around the block . it is best that you stretch your legs and get your body moving at this time . $ you have been purposefully avoiding a confrontation for quite a while . you do not want to get caught in a battle with someone , and so you have playing the role of mr . ms . nice guy gal . do not be afraid of being aggressive . it will behoove you to do so . $ tension that was overwhelming in the workplace yesterday will still be present . the good news is that it will calm down in the afternoon . communication with others will be poor . you will need a translator in order to get your point across . $ one of your virtues is that you can talk people in and out of anything . your sweet voice and charm certainly do go a long way - most of the time . today , however , unless you have solid facts to back yourself up , people will turn a deaf ear your way . $ you are afraid of speaking your mind because you know instinctively that other people are going to disagree with what you believe in . this is not a good reason to clam up . it is vital that you get your opinions out there regards of what others think . $ you will be juggling phone calls , e - mails , paperwork , family , your boss , your co - worker 's marital problems , laundry , and 1 , 000 other things . the amazing thing is that you will do it all with incredible grace and confidence . pat yourself on the back . $ balance comes when you find a way to slow down the hamster that is running frantically around the wheel in your head . look at the larger perspective . see things from a different angle . do not let these petty issues from work spoil your day . $ anticipation of the upcoming workweek may put a damper on the end of your weekend . try to avoid this by reaching out to friends and family members who you have not talked to in a while . if you do have to go to work , try to enjoy the company of those around you . $ feeling inadequate , giving up , and saying you do not know is not the answer . there is always a way . there is always a solution , and yes , you can find this solution by asking others , doing research , and above all , maintaining a positive attitude . $ you may be the only one who truly understands every side of the issue . your input is extremely valuable to the people you work with . do not hide in the background while you let others argue unnecessarily . bring your ideas to the forefront . $ a tremendous financial opportunity presents itself to you today . do not be afraid to put your money down on an investment that you think is worthy . you will receive good advice from people who know their trade . trust others and you will profit . $ when the sun sets tonight , count the number of things you got done and pat yourself on the back instead of thinking of all the things that you still have left to do . congratulate yourself on what you have accomplished . you deserve to be rewarded . $ you may think that you are alone in your current state of difficulty and indecision , but you are not . other people may seem like they know what they are doing and that they have their game together , but the truth of the matter is that they do not . $ the last thing you want to do right now is pretend that you have the answer when you do not . long - term trends are working in a whole new way . admit that you are unsure of what the future will bring . doing so will earn you more respect than guessing . $ you are in a very good mood . you feel a terrific inner harmony with yourself , and this will most certainly have positive effects on creating harmony with the people around you . trust that you can hold on to this feeling through the workweek ahead . $ your sense of self is shaken up thanks to those who are trying to use their power to control you . be confident and do not let others have the upper hand - especially since you know you are right . do not back down even though the pressure will be great . $ if you are trying to scam or trick someone into getting what you want , it will not work today . others will be able to see right through you . do not bother putting on any sort of act . being honest and real is what will earn you the respect you desire . $ be careful that you do not mumble something negative about someone or something under your breath as you go throughout your workday . someone is likely to hear you and before you know it , a precious secret is out . you will find yourself in hot water . $ your good - natured , social personality will bring you great reward . other people are your biggest allies , since they offer support and encouragement . furthermore , with the advice of others you are able to achieve much more than you could on your own . $ communication with others you work with will be especially strong during the next two weeks . major progress is made as a result . you are able to make huge strides in your yearly goals as long as you use this productive time wisely and efficiently . $ if possible , socializing with others in an easy - going and relaxed atmosphere will bring you the most enjoyment out of this day . talking about work and being able to laugh at yourself and the events of the week will help heal any stress that has accumulated . $ it may be hard for you to sit back and just have fun even though this is your day off . you are feeling a deep restlessness that is associated with your need to start something new . do not suppress this feeling . you are on to something big . $ tell everyone your big news instead of trying to hide it . eventually , the information will leak out , so you might as well be upfront instead of trying to keep it under wraps . you will come across as being much more responsible and trustworthy . $ during the next two months , you will find that you are more indecisive than usual . perhaps you did not think that this was even possible . well , it is . at least , by being aware of it , you will be better able to deal with it in a healthy manner . $ someone will accuse you or attack you emotionally in some way . in order to keep the peace , you may decide to claim innocence or run from the situation altogether . neither of these approaches offers any long - term solutions . get to the heart of the matter . $ someone will have a strong emotional reaction to something you say or do . this reaction is inappropriate , and you should tell this person so . most likely , this person has lost touch with reality and with rational thinking . set him or her straight . $ things are going well for you , so why should not they be going great ? do not take your good fortune for granted , but instead you should continue to build on it . you have worked to get where you are , and now you need to work to go a step further . $ an underlying friction will be present between you and your job and your co - workers for the next four weeks . this trend begins today , and whether you are at work or not , you may already be feeling the friction internally . this is a sign of change . $ make sure you enjoy a good hearty laugh for at least some portion of the day . whether you 're in a virtual meeting or just talking to your cat or dog , this laughter will help heal some of the tensions that are building within you . you will feel a tremendous relief . $ there are many different energies flying between your boss , your co - workers , and yourself , but do not let these mixed signals confuse you and send your head into a whirl . you 'll be successful if you simply focus on the positive . concentrate on what 's working well and let go of what is not . $ do not try to rush through everything . instead , just take your time and do your job well . ultimately , quality is far better than speed . you 'll receive the utmost respect and praise from your team and your boss or client when you complete a task with tlc . $ be careful of saying too much . you 'll get a bite from the chatter - bug today , and once you get started talking , you will not be able to stop . the danger is saying something that you will regret , and it may even cost you your job . this is not the best time to lose a job , so be careful ! $ attack monthly goals with great courage and confidence . you are being fully supported every step of the way . a great deal of open and honest encouragement from others is the cornerstone to your success . take what others say to heart . $ use your connections now . use your resources now . capitalize on your charm and wit and you can have it all . the power is yours . all you need to do is embrace it and use it to your advantage . your mood is good , and everything is flowing well . $ be open to a good , hearty debate with someone . whether you are at work or not , a good , honest , and lively discussion regarding your current situation will help you shed tremendous light on things . do not be afraid to face the difficult issues head - on . $ today 's cosmic shift will have a significant effect on the general trend in communication for the next two weeks . during this time , relations may be a bit tense between you and your fellow co - workers . ease this tension through simple consideration . $ do not try to pull a fast one over on someone - because it simply will not work . others will easily be able to see through your tricks . a fully open and honest approach is best . do not be afraid to reveal your true feelings instead of just your thoughts . $ a financial windfall might tempt you to go out and go crazy spending . although you 've worked hard and you deserve a break , it would be wise to first think whether you really can afford to be so carefree . maybe you should be thinking about investing at least part of the money for future stability . $ today you could be busy managing multiple projects . you 'll be in multi - tasking mode , working with phones , faxes , and emails . just make sure to double - check any important documents . if you have to calculate some figures or issue a report , it could be easy to overlook certain data . $ the reality of a certain situation has become clearer and you are seeing things through a more practical set of eyes . as a result , you are able to ground yourself and not let your emotions distract you from your work . your productivity is high . $ you will be riding a lucky streak for the next three weeks . you will be at the right place at the right time and in order to be successful , you just need to follow your heart . this should not be too hard to do . your intuition will point the way . $ your thinking is clear and straightforward . now is the time to draft a letter to your boss or a fellow employee . during the workweek , it may not have been so easy for you to put your thoughts into words , but right now , everything is flowing smoothly . $ let your mind go . do not get stuck in a rut . you are in a position right now to expand your position a great deal as long as you use your imagination and think outside the box . use your mind creatively today whether you are at work or not . $ make sure you go into work with a smile on . if you are feeling down , other people 's smiles will only make you more angered and frustrated . just because you woke up on the wrong side of the bed , this do not mean that you have to stay there . $ your eyes will be more hypnotic than usual . people who come in contact with your gaze , even virtually , will be mesmerized in such a way that you will just about be able to control them with your mind . your power over others is greater than you think . use it wisely . $ people are following your lead . they are listening to you because they know that you have something to say and that what you have to say is the truth . make sure your direction is sound and that you are giving people honest advice and information . $ in many ways , you feel very alone at work . you feel like you are not being fully supported by the people around you . hang in there and remember that you are indeed connected - you have the support of the universe with you at all times . $ you have a renewed sense of direction . you have more strength than usual . you are making important changes intellectually and spiritually . these personal changes are facilitating a new growth spurt in your work . this is a time for you to move up . $ although the waters may be still right now , there is great energy within them . you have a strong reservoir of power built up within you . others may not see this , and you can use their naiveté to your advantage . now is a time to strategize . $ a new dawn is upon you . light is suddenly being shed on an issue that was previously cast in shadow . take advantage of this new beginning . you may have to change your position a bit in order to reap the full benefit of this exciting time . $ you are in a position of power . people look to you for advice , guidance , and support . remember that the way you stay in power is by serving others , and not controlling or manipulating them . other people are your greatest resource . take care of them . $ everything continues along smoothly until you run up against someone who has a will that is as strong as yours . finding compromise will not be easy under these conditions . be prepared to make compromises . you will not get your own way . $ your intuition is right on . pay attention to your psychic abilities . these skills will be especially key with every task you undertake . your gut is your greatest resource . combined with an easy - going , compassionate nature , you can move mountains . $ dive in . do not be afraid . if you go for the whole enchilada , you will achieve great success . if you attempt to do something halfway , you will meet with disaster . this is an all - or - nothing game . give it your best shot . the target is within reach . $ do not sign the contract just yet . do not say yes to the deal that is being offered to you now . use a few days to sleep on it and fully consider the consequences . if you commit now , you will find yourself in a very difficult situation later on . $ you are not afraid to be upfront with others . this is a good thing ! tell it like it is and be assertive with your information . this kind of approach may upset them , but ultimately it is in their best interest and yours . do not shy away from the truth . $ redefine your sense of happiness . perhaps you are not happy with regard to your career . figure out what would make you happy and work toward this goal . an aggressive nature is alive within you . channel this energy toward positive change . $ an error that you failed to catch a couple weeks ago is coming back to haunt you now . suddenly you are faced with difficult challenges and very strong opposition . admit your mistake and work to find a new solution . do not deny your part in the matter . $ you have reached an uncomfortable point in your work situation . you may feel as if you want to run and hide . perhaps you feel as if you have lost control of something that is important to you . do not worry . what happens now is all for the best . $ a new four - week period begins today that you should be very aware of . this long - term trend may be a bit rough for you so be careful . other people are working counter to your aims . overall , you will not get the full support that you are hoping for . $ you may be very serious , but other people are not taking you very seriously . you may have to give a little extra power to your words in order for them to have a full and complete resonating effect . do not be surprised if others write you off . $ tension mounts when someone you work with wastes your time with facts that are simply not important . watch out for information overload . too much mental garbage is going to make your job harder - not easier . be careful of what you take in . $ you will naturally be drawn to foreign people and cultures today , and you will find that the people you meet through these channels will offer new insight into your career . perhaps it is time to relocate to some place far from your current home . $ this is a good day to work on getting your spiritual self in balance . be sure to pay attention to your spiritual body . during the week you have so much attention on your mental and emotional self that you forget to nurture your true spirit . $ embrace your innocent nature . be a kid again . take a playful and immature attitude with the people around you . keep your jaded , vengeful side at bay . it is best if you forgive , forget , and move on with carelessness and a light , jovial heart . $ you are pregnant with an idea . something is growing within you . you are at the beginning stages of something very significant - and very exciting . be aware of the fact that other people will fight to make sure your dream does not manifest . be strong . $ you are very knowledgeable when it comes to a certain skill or trade . you know a particular area inside and out . this do not mean , however , that you know everything . you should still consult others when it comes to things you know nothing about . $ courage is gained by being sure , solid , and grounded . once you have this strong foundation to work from , you will have faith to leap confidently into the unknown . today , your thinking is quite practical . you will be able to find the stability you want . $ communication between you and your co - workers is especially strong today . feel free to get together with others in a casual setting , if possible , in order to build relations between you and toss some ideas around that will help you accomplish your career goals . $ ease the tension between yourself and others by being more sensitive to people 's feelings - including your own . work situations will go much smoother if you use today to practice a more compassionate approach with the people you deal with professionally . $ no one will take you seriously as you do your job today unless you have solid facts and concrete evidence to back up what you say . if you have to make any sort of virtual presentation , be sure you are well prepared . others will see through the holes in your plan . $ your indecisive nature is worse than ever today , making it extremely difficult for you to be effective on the job . take a long lunch and stop working early if possible . there is no sense in going around in circles when you are better off napping . $ you will spend most of your day putting out fires all around you instead of concentrating on your own work . everyone seems to be squabbling , and as the peacemaker , it is natural for you to play the part of the diplomat . proudly embrace this role . $ a large opportunity awaits , and you are the catalyst that can make it happen . do not wait for the big deals to fall in your lap automatically . take some initiative today and you will be amazed by the results . you have the resources you need to succeed . $ work situations are not going your way today and the more you try to push to have things under your control , the more resistance you will encounter . calm down and be patient . remember that the only person you can control is yourself . $ the project you are currently working on has taken a bend that you did not anticipate . roll with the punches and see that this new path is actually for the best . you may have to think on your feet today , but most likely , this will score big points . $ be careful of someone who pulls out a great deal of fancy jargon in work communications today . most likely , this person is full of tremendous hot air and nothing else . he or she will try to manipulate you in some way , so be careful . do not be fooled . $ you may get frustrated today by others who are doing a cursory job of work that you know should be done more thoroughly . communicate with these people with understanding instead of with a higher than thou attitude . resist the urge to take over completely . $ today is a good day for you to weed through your desk and get more organized . you may have offers and papers from weeks or months ago . this information is valuable only if it is organized . establish a filing system that works to fit your needs . $ you will find yourself in the middle of a sticky situation today . co - workers are at each other 's throats and you may be asked to choose sides . standing in the middle with a foot in both camps may do you more harm than good . be assertive . $ your productivity level at work is extra high today so take advantage of this time . the more you accomplish , the more you will be inspired to accomplish additional goals . this positive upward cycle will lead to great success at day 's end . $ you have a unique opportunity to capitalize on the tension at hand . by seeing and understanding both sides of a difficult issue , you can invent a solution that will meet the needs of all involved . do not give up until this idea is found . $ be careful of stepping on someone else 's toes . in an effort to take control and get the job done right , you may upset a fellow coworker . perhaps you are on someone else 's turf . double check before overstepping your bounds . $ do not act too hastily today . you are likely to get a big dose of misinformation that will foul up the rest of your day if you are not careful . check your sources two or three times before you make a final decision on anything . $ your well - laid plan is likely to get shaken up today by someone who has a great deal of influence on you . do not be afraid to integrate a new idea or concept into a traditional way of doing something . doing so will create the winning combination . $ do not try to do everything by yourself today . you will find that tremendous opportunities come your way when you enlist the support and advice of others . fortunate chances will arise from these partnerships that will prove to be tremendously profitable . $ over the next four weeks , you have the ability to make huge strides with regard to your career . use this time to make any major moves that you have been postponing . the stage is set . all you need to do is embrace your role and get into the spotlight . $ you are the missing link to an important puzzle today . someone will call on you for your expert opinion on a certain issue . give it to him or her without beating around the bush . get right to the point . there is no sense in trying to hide the truth . $ wild bob - related accusations will spread around , and many of them will not be so nice . approach the source of these rumors instead of continuing the negative downward cycle of badmouthing others without dealing with the heart of the matter . $ do not overstep your boundaries today . to ensure that you do not , take the time to set things straight with a co - worker and or employer . make sure everyone is clear with what the expectations are . doing so will help prevent a nasty confrontation . $ make an adventurous leap forward today . do not be afraid to take a chance . big risk brings big reward . at the current time you may not feel that you are on totally stable ground with your career , but this is fine . take a deep breath and go for it . $ you are not likely to win any argument today regardless of whether or not you are right , so do not even bother getting involved . the odds are against you and you are currently outnumbered . wait for a more favorable time to make any big moves . $ your witty , sarcastic humor is likely to ease the stress of a difficult work situation . do not be afraid to let your comments fly . doing so will foster growth and better camaraderie amongst your coworkers . enjoy the people you interact with on a daily basis . $ upon hearing a rather far - fetched idea , your reaction will be to disregard it and move on with your usual approach . do not be too quick to cast your vote against this new concept . this brilliant new idea may be more applicable to you than you think . $ detective work done in the morning will have big payoffs in the afternoon . approach people directly and confidently . you stand to gain a great deal when you cut through to the truth of a certain situation . communicate your findings to others . $ consider going home early today . you are not getting through to others the way you would like to . there is no sense in spinning your wheels or trying to force a situation that is simply not meant to work today . wait until the situation improves . $ you are ready to take the lead on a certain project at work , but unfortunately , it seems that one of your co - workers has the same idea . sharing the leadership role is not going to be so easy , so do not bother trying . find a different solution . $ listen to your intuition today . it knows more than you think it does . spend some time alone , away from other influences . this time spent will prove to be extremely valuable . the insights that come to you will be tremendously beneficial . $ your stubborn streak is going to come out today in full force . make sure you are conscious of this so that you can temper it when it is appropriate for you to do so . overall , a strong approach will put you in good favor with those around you . $ push your thinking to new limits today . the rut you are in is comfortable since it is the one that you are most familiar with . realize that you will never grow unless you extend your boundaries and look seriously at the opportunities around you . $ aggression with other people in the workplace may become destructive today if you are not careful . remember that you are working as a team . there is no need to compete with your teammates . the idea is to work together . aim for cooperation . $ aggression with other people in the workplace may become destructive today if you are not careful . remember that you are working as a team . there is no need to compete with your teammates . the idea is to work together . aim for cooperation . $ you are in a volatile position today . there is a great deal of pent up energy within you . rid yourself of it by taking a long walk or a jog instead of bringing it to the job and getting frustrated and impatient with the people you work with . $ you feel the pressure of having to produce something without the resources needed to do so . others are demanding that something be done , but the lack of foresight on someone else 's part is making this task impossible . do your best with what you have . $ you are likely to get frustrated by other people who do not seem to be pulling their weight today . others are not showing the dedication and passion in their work that you often display in yours . be patient with them instead of judgmental of them . $ you may feel like your lucky stars are letting you down today . where are they when you really need them ? do not worry . they will be back in a few days . for now , just lay low and try not to get upset or frustrated when things do not work out as planned . $ you may have felt a tremendous shift recently in which you suddenly feel more comfortable in your own skin . this is not merely an illusion . this is the start of a wonderful 7 - year cycle in which you will be on top of your game . success is at hand . $ you will get frustrated and upset today when you notice other people getting accolades that you feel you deserve . instead of getting angry and jealous over this issue , talk to your superiors about what you can do to earn these rewards next time . $ you are in a good position to make a major move career - wise , but keep in mind that you will need to be flexible in order to make this happen . this move will not happen exactly as you might envision , but that is fine . you will still come out on top . $ people your work with or for who may act like your friends today may not really be your friends at all . keep in mind that they have selfish motives . they are not in this game to better your career . they are in it to better their own . proceed with caution . $ a difficult power struggle will erupt in relation to your job today - and most likely , it will not be pretty . other people are armed and ready to fight . you should be as well . just make sure you do not get too carried away . remember that it 's just a job . $ pay extra attention to the details today . your critical eye is needed for every document , e - mail , and memo that crosses your desk . take extra time if you need it , and make sure you do not ignore the fine print . something important is hidden there . $ you are in a good position today to take advantage of a situation that is floundering . people need direction and you can give it to them . your natural take - charge personality is exactly what is needed - so do not be afraid to stand up and take the lead . $ long - term goals should not be ignored , so be careful of getting so caught up in the daily grind that you forget to look at the big picture . use the power of the cosmos to take a step back and look at your situation . both sides are illuminated now . $ seek the truth before you proceed with any new work . in addition , it is extra important that you are honest with others . any deception towards or from others is likely to backfire quite badly . luck will come to you when you align with the truth . $ a new trend kicks off for you today that will prove to be extremely favorable for you . be sure to jump on whatever bandwagon comes your way . trust your instincts , for they will not lead you astray . prosperity is in the air and you can capitalize on it . $ you are still in the favorable position that you were in yesterday , but suddenly , the stakes have been raised up a notch . other people are now fighting for the thing you thought was automatically yours . you will have to put in more effort now . $ other people should know better than to press your buttons today . you are a walking time bomb that could explode at any second . do your best to funnel this tremendous energy into productive work instead of lashing out in anger at those around you . $ sometimes the universe asks us to go over something again if it feels that we have not done it right the first time . today is one of those days in which you feel this backward trend . instead of moving forward , you are asked to go back and review . $ today is a fantastic day for you to do any sort of editing or double - checking - so feel free to take on any work of this nature . you have a hawk - like eye that is able to detect an error a mile away . your movements will be efficient and concise . $ dreams of yours that have been tarnished lately will receive a fresh new start today . there is no reason why you cannot create the perfect scenario in your career . work toward this perfect scenario instead of being satisfied with average . $ when you do not find the answer that you are looking for today , try not to get upset and lash out at everyone around you . trust that the answer will come . it may not come when you want it to , but you will have it when you truly need it . $ as usual , you are rooted in the center of a difficult conflict . your strong opinions have gotten you into a mess that you cannot seem to escape . you need to step away from the battlefield once in a while in order to compose yourself and think clearly . $ you are an all - or - nothing person . keep in mind that the rest of the world do not necessarily operate in this extreme manner . be patient with those who ride the fence and take the middle path . you both can learn from each other . $ the opposition you face has been scoring many points lately , and this is your day to retaliate with confidence . a tremendous wave of support is coming your way that will set the stage for your success . the tables have clearly turned in your favor . $ put plenty of items on your agenda today . you may bite off quite a bit , but this is fine - you have the ability to chew it all ! you will find that other people are cooperating beautifully with your plans . you are surrounded by tremendous support . $ you may have thought that you had someone under your thumb - right where you wanted him or her . today , however , you will find that this is not the case . this person is fighting back and he or she has every right to . be conscious of his or her needs . $ your tendency today will be to act without really thinking first . your movements will be hasty and uncalculated . this could most certainly lead to difficulty later on . be careful with your promises . you are on unstable ground . proceed with care . $ someone is likely to rub you the wrong way in a very aggressive manner . do not let this person get the better of you . he or she may come up with wild facts to use against you . do not be fooled . most likely these facts are closer to fiction than truth . $ remember that traditional ways of tackling a problem are often the best way to find the solution you are looking for . these methods have become a tradition for a reason - because they work . embrace an older methodology for the success you desire . $ a problem you thought had gone away is now resurfacing . to make matters worse , this problem has seemed to worsen since the last time it reared its ugly head . tackle this difficult issue once and for all instead of putting on the back burner again . $ conversations surrounding work will escalate into terrible arguments that may very well rage out of control . the other extreme is that people may become silent and withhold valuable information that they know you need . both are harmful . $ someone whom you work with and thought was on your side suddenly seems to be teaming up with the opposition . realize that not everything is as cut and dried as it may seem . the bottom line is that you are all on the same team . $ someone is giving you only half - truths and this is making it difficult for you to operate productively . you may have to consult many different people in order to get the full scoop on the situation . this time spent researching will be worth it . $ your instincts are right on target , so do not be afraid to vocalize what you know to be true . you are on the right track with regard to your work . move forward with great confidence . if you are looking for a job , this is a good time to interview . $ women are likely to be especially important resources for you today . listen to what they have to say and heed their advice . the women around you have insight into your personal situation that you may not even see yourself . listen carefully . $ pay attention to the media , including magazines and radio . an important piece of information will come your way via these types of channels that will help give you a brand - new perspective on your current career situation . listen carefully . $ clashes over who has the most power will be evident in your workplace today . even though the person in charge may carry the title of boss , he or she may not have the full scope on what actually goes on in the workplace . most likely , you know best . $ great change is at hand . trying to resist this change will only make your work more difficult for you and the people around you . hop on the bandwagon of new thought and cutting - edge ideas . otherwise , you may be in a very difficult spot later on . $ your ability to get to the core of the matter will be key to the success of the day . in order to solve the problem at hand , you will need to break larger pieces down into segments and examine the situation by looking at its individual parts . $ stay focused on what you know instead of trying to penetrate into areas that you do not know anything about . you are better off delegating tasks to those who are more efficient at these things than trying to reinvent every single wheel yourself . $ do not get upset at yourself today because you simply do not feel the normal drive and determination that you normally do . give yourself a break . this is a time for you to relax . be lazy for a change and let someone else do all the hard work . $ you are anxious to get a certain project underway but tremendous conflict exists with regard to how the project should get started . it is important for you to take extra time in these first stages . otherwise , you will regret your haste later on . $ you know that you are right , but even so , opposition seems to be coming in from all angles . do not let outside pressure turn you away from your own views of the truth . as long as you are being true to yourself , everything will work out for the best . $ the truth do not usually come with gimmicks or flashing lights . this is why it is a little bit harder to recognize . your tendency will be to move forward blindly with a project . instead you need to hold back and gather up more of the real truth . $ instead of trying to eliminate and focus , this is a day when you need to expand and include . be open to all possibilities . orchestrate a brainstorming session . gather many people with a wide range of viewpoints . the perfect answer will come . $ over the next four weeks , you can expect career matters to come to a critical turning point . plans you set into motion about six months ago are coming to fruition , for better or worse . now is the time to assess the situation and adjust . $ an equal amount of pushing and pulling is needed in order to achieve the success that you are looking for . your goals are most certainly attainable , and you have the support of others to make these goals come true . trust in yourself and others . $ old friction between you and a co - worker will ease today as you suddenly have more compassion for each other . a work - related event will bring you closer together and make you realize that you are both just humans who are capable of mistakes . $ there seems to be tension everywhere you turn . other peoples ' rigid ideas are standing in the way of your progress . this is not the best time for you to pressure people , or convince them of something they do not believe in . hang back in the wings . $ your unwillingness to consider other perspectives is holding you back in more ways than one . give other people more credit and consideration than you may normally do . an open mind is a much greater asset to you than you may realize . $ the difficulties you have experienced in the past couple of days will ease this afternoon . an unexpected knight in shining armor will rescue you from the mental confusion and gridlock that you have had with others . have faith that resolution is at hand . $ work - related negotiations will be difficult over the next three and a half weeks . friction will arise and it will be difficult for you to work out any sort of compromise . do not take anything personally . communication in general is off at this time . $ make sure you are being clear and honest with everyone around you . this is not the time to be hiding secrets . there is a great deal of work - related gossip and you will find that whatever you try to keep hidden will end up backfiring tremendously . $ stop trying to resurrect an old project or job that is no longer working for you . now is the time to start something new . do not be afraid to search for a new job . there is no sense in staying in a situation that is not completely fulfilling . $ this is a rough time of month for you in the career game , and today it is made worse by a superior who is breathing down your neck and demanding results . be flexible and accommodating instead of becoming stubborn and forceful . $ you will come into conflict with someone who is very rooted in his or her ways . keep in mind that not everything is as simple and rational as this person may suggest . there are unexpected factors that you both need to consider . $ you will have a great deal of energy to tackle projects , but unfortunately , your energy is not running very smoothly . there are glitches in your current plan that must be resolved before you attempt another step forward . remember - first things first . $ if a decision needs to be made , the answer is easy . go with the idea that shows the most originality . this is the standpoint that you should support . back this decision with great force . this is not a time to be vacillating or hesitant . $ you are wishing and waiting for someone to contact you . you wait desperately by the phone or the computer waiting for the news you want to hear . do not waste your day in this manner . either contact this person yourself or let it go . $ you are at a critical turning point in your career , and now someone is throwing you yet another curve ball . your response is to collect more information . instead , you need to cultivate wisdom in order to process the information you already have . $ good luck will follow you throughout the day . if someone offers a helping hand , do not be skeptical . be trustful . this is part of the good luck that you deserve . you 've earned this helping hand , thanks to all the helping hands you have given to others . $ you will get frustrated by someone who has a very rigid viewpoint of the situation at hand . this person is getting frustrated with you for the exact same reason . compassion and understanding will help soothe the tension more than aggression will . $ someone is coming down hard on you today . his or her words are much harsher than they need to be . most likely , this person is just trying to manipulate you in some way . do not become a victim of the situation . be sure to stand your ground . $ you are in one of those situations in which too many cooks spoil the batter . everyone wants to take control . everyone wants to get his or her two cents in . this is setting up a recipe for disaster . be patient with others and try to compromise . $ you are in a difficult situation . you are ready to take charge and move forward with a project , but you do not exactly have all the facts and information you need to back up all of your plans and ideas . keep things on the drawing board until you do . $ other people are likely to stand against you and speak their piece so that everyone around you can hear . this conflict is more about them showing off than it is about you , so do not take anything personally . any disagreement will be amplified . $ let the day take you where it wants to instead of feeling that you need to control every single move you make . you will go down the right path if you let go and roll with the punches . it may feel foreign at first but try to stay open - minded . $ your overall mood will be one of peace and calm , but other people are trying your patience . it seems that everyone wants to push your buttons , almost as if they do not want to see you calm and peaceful . they will do whatever they can to get you riled up . $ someone will pick a verbal fight with you . be careful with what you say . this person will take careful mental notes of every word you utter , and these words may come back to haunt you later on . be prepared to stand behind every word you say . $ this is a day of beginnings for you . start something that you have been meaning to start for quite a while . the universe is happy to support whatever new endeavor you strongly believe in . plant the seeds now and they will grow to fruition . $ you may still be operating under an older objective or pact you made to yourself a while ago . you must realize that what was true then may not be true anymore . this is a time for you to evaluate your situation and make a new pact with yourself . $ many times , it is extremely important for you to have the last word . during the next three weeks , you will find yourself in opposition with those who have completely different creative ideas than you do . let others have the last word for a change . $ you often work from an internal pressure that says you need to do everything faster , better , and more efficient than everyone else . give yourself a break and realize that there is no need to create this much stress for yourself at all times . $ being with others will give you tremendous satisfaction and gratification . others are supporting you and praising you for the hard work that you have been doing . others are willing to match your effort , making it easier for you to get your work done . $ pressure is coming in from all sides and you are caught in the middle . your tendency is to put the blame on others for one reason or another . this is not a healthy solution . take a look at yourself and realize that you got yourself into this mess . $ the last three weeks have been a time for reflection and review . now this period is over , and it is time to move forward with confidence , based on the realizations that you have had . your logical thinking is back on track - so feel free to proceed . $ the secret to dealing with stubborn and controlling attitudes is communication . the more secretive you become about your intentions and plans , the more rigid other people will be , making it difficult for you to break out of the bind you are in . $ your general mood improves a great deal today , and this will make it much easier for you to deal with the immature attitude of the people around you . naturally , you will be more patient , thereby opening the door to better relations all around . $ you are frustrated by the doors closing in your face , but do not be . these are messages from the universe steering you in the right direction . some things are not meant to be - accept this and move on . the right door will open at the right time . $ the information that you receive today is part of the truth , but it is not the complete truth . you will have to push and be aggressive in order to get the full story out of people . do not be satisfied with superficial chatter . get to the core of the matter . $ do not let your mind become overwhelmed with work related issues . it is not healthy for your work to have such a strong hold on everything you do - especially when you are away from the workplace . when you leave work , leave its burdens there . $ the roller coaster ride never comes to an end , no matter how hard you try to get off . no matter what you do , drama and extreme fluctuations always seem to follow you along your career path . accept this and enjoy it , instead of trying to fight it . $ someone is changing his tune today , and neither tune resonates with you in the slightest bit . by the end of the day , you will have reached a dramatic climax with this person and the sparks will fly . get ready for a difficult battle to ensue . $ having one major issue to deal with felt like enough , but now a second and a third pressing matter comes to your attention . when it rains , it pours , and today it is most certainly pouring . do your best to not overreact but to instead stay calm . $ if working at the office , pack an extra big lunch for work . if working at home , make sure you treat yourself to a big takeout lunch . food will help soothe your emotions and calm your frustration . disregard any rules you may have about dieting . eat what you want . $ getting a straight answer out of anyone will not be easy . people have many different escape routes that they will try in order to hide from you . you might as well just give up for the day and deal with these issues another time . $ you can brush away weighty work issues with ease . there is a lighthearted flow to the day that is helping you to let go of the intensity of the workweek . even if you find yourself at work today , take it easy and keep it light . $ do not burden the people around you with endless stories , stresses , and gossip from work . if this is your day off , then enjoy it and do not spoil it for yourself or the others around you . if you are at work , take it in stride and do not succumb to stress . $ nothing can stop you . you are a steamroller plowing through your day with great force and conviction . whatever you need is at your fingertips , whether you realize it or not . suddenly , everything you have been working on is falling neatly into place . $ you know you are right about something , but you cannot seem to convince other people of this . your words are not coming out the way you need them to . it seems that you are coming across as being harsh , aggressive , and very stubborn . $ presentation is everything - especially today . the person with the best idea is not necessarily the winner . the person who presents his or her idea most eloquently and clearly will most certainly be . be creative in your approach with others . $ when relations and situations get difficult , you are likely to enter panic mode and start making rash and hasty decisions . be careful because this sort of reckless action will only get you into deeper trouble . consult others before acting . $ hold your ground . some people will say that you are being too conservative while others will claim that you are too radical . this just goes to show that everything is relative . everyone has an opinion . stand strong beside yours and do not waiver . $ if you are away from the workplace , take this time to step back and look at long - term trends . you will have a unique perspective today that you do not normally have when you are in the throes of your daily routine . insight will come . $ you feel that others are skirting the issues and not really dealing with things head - on . this is most certainly the case . whether you are at work or not , your mind is mentally dealing with how you are going to deal with this during the week ahead . $ your detective powers will come in handy as you sort through the rhetoric that is coming at you from all angles . take control of a situation that is floundering because of lack of direction . the energy is there . it just needs to be focused . $ if you have a specific task that requires you to do something with passion , now is the time to do it . more than ever , you have an all - or - nothing attitude that will help you persevere with great strength and conviction until the job is done . $ tension is building and you sense that a fight is about to break out . instead of walking away , you want to jump into the ring . ask yourself if the risks are truly worth the rewards . ask how these issues can be resolved in a more appropriate manner . $ you will be mellower than usual today , and your normal intensive drive may feel a bit watered down . this is fine . do not fight it . taking a more easy - going approach will help you relate to others and get the respect from others that you desire . $ there is a small idea or problem that is rattling around in your head that you just cannot seem to shake . the more you focus on it , the more it drives you crazy . try to keep it in perspective . this is a pattern that will reoccur for the next two weeks . $ helping others is key to ultimately helping yourself . do good deeds . take time out to assist others without asking for anything in return . the good karma you build for yourself through this process will be extremely valuable in the weeks to come . $ your entrepreneurial spirit is quite strong whether or not you are actually on the job . everything you look at has the potential to become a new business opportunity . every person you meet is a potential resource for your career and long - term success . $ the information that comes your way is not to your liking , but this do not mean you have to sulk about it for the rest of the workday . instead , you need to be more open - minded and accepting . integrate these new ideas instead of rejecting them . $ you feel like you are on the home stretch with something big . momentum on this project picks up and you will feel a constant , yet subtle , upward moving trend for the next couple of months . you have the energy you need to tackle anything . $ you are in a great position to make a big move in the workplace . if you are tired of the job you are currently at , then let it go because something better is waiting for you right around the corner . have faith that the universe will support you now . $ nothing will make sense to you . making heads or tails of the current situation will not be easy . this is the way it is , so do not get frustrated by this . simply accept it and move on as best you can . there is no need to pout over what you cannot change . $ do not try to navigate through the fog . instead , you should wait until things are clear before moving forward . directions from others will cause you to take a wrong turn . wait until the sun shines through and you will know the right road to take . $ a four - week trend begins today that you can most certainly benefit from . in general , you are coming into a high point in your career . more opportunities will be available to you now . overall , you can expect things to be running smoothly . $ you 're tired of other people bragging about their jobs . you 're in no mood to put up with sheer arrogance today , and there is no need to pretend that you are . politely say that you are simply not interested in any such conversation log off or hang up . $ make sure your warrior energy is in check . feel free to use your tremendous physical strength today but be sure that it 's directed and focused on something positive , useful , and healthy . energy sent in negative directions will backfire . $ you 've reached a turning point at which you can now evaluate your progress during the last couple of weeks . other people 's criticism or praise is helping you to figure out if you should make a shift or keep on the same trajectory . be open to this advice . $ you feel the confidence and physical energy to accomplish whatever you have on your plate today . overall , this puts you in a wonderful position to make tremendous strides in your work even while sheltering in place . do not be afraid of anything - but do be safe ! $ you will be tempted to tune other people out since no one seems to be on your wavelength . this is not exactly the case . amongst the gibberish , there is a great deal of unexpected wisdom . it is best that you keep at least one ear open at all times . $ do not try to pretend that you are someone you are not or that you know something that you do not . you may be tempted to get yourself into a conversation that you simply know nothing about . admit that this is the case instead of pretending . $ someone is likely to back you into a corner and you will not like it one bit ! in fact , you are likely to become quite irate . you are not impressed with the person who is doing this , but unfortunately , there is very little you can do to prevent it . $ difficult communication will ease , and you will find that you relate much better with the people you interact with . this wonderful trend will continue for the next few weeks , so take advantage of this time . your intuitive abilities will be extra strong . $ you are able to work quite well with the structure that is currently in place . all signs point to a very productive day for you . what was not working very well for you last week is now going quite smoothly with very little effort on your part . $ a feeling of adventurousness might cause you to want to get in the car today and take off . responsibilities toward work might keep you from doing it . if you can maintain your focus now to complete what is at hand quickly , there 's nothing to stop you from making plans for a nice weekend later . $ if you have loaned someone money recently , some of it could be returned to you today . or if you did someone you work with an important favor , they could express their gratitude to you and offer a return . do not be afraid to ask for help if you need it . $ it seems that everyone is putting his or her work on to you . you are getting all the jobs that no one else wants to do . keep your chin up . do your work with a smile and do not worry . your work now will lead to bigger and better things down the road . $ for the next weeks , you will be feeling as if you are falling just a bit short of where you would like to be . other people are not helping you very much - in short , you will not getting the support that you think you deserve . hang in there . $ you are in a playful and upbeat mood , but keep in mind that not everyone is feeling this energy . be sensitive to those who are feeling a bit down in the dumps . insensitivity toward others is likely to be the root of a very difficult confrontation . $ you are happy to share ideas that you normally keep to yourself . there is a streak you have that is very independent . today , however , you are happy to partner up with someone and bounce ideas off him or her . this is the right course of action . $ everything is working in your favor . put aside long - term difficulties that you are experiencing and concentrate on the present . there is great potential for you in the current situation you are in . now is the time for you to expand , not contract . $ try not to be too much of a pushover , because thanks to the energy of the day , you will indeed get pushed over . if you give people an inch , they will most certainly take a mile . be prepared to stand your ground when push comes to shove . $ you need to give up in order to gain . make compromises so that you can get ahead in other areas . now is a time for you to streamline instead of trying to tackle every single thing at once . focus in on what is most important and let other things go . $ you are giving birth to a new idea or project . you are well supported . do not resist this new path . it will bring you a great deal of happiness and success in the long run . your energy is quite strong at this time . have complete faith in yourself . $ gracefully accept all change . you are in a very harmonious position right now , so take advantage of this time . the universe is supporting your efforts . stay balanced despite the incredible transformation all around you . this is a very exciting time . $ this is a time of transformation for you . usually it is hard for you to stay practical and grounded but doing so is key . embrace the side of your personality that calls for planning and concentration . you need these skills since change is at hand . $ it is quite obvious that you need to put in sheer , hard work in order to get what you want . one thing that may not be quite so obvious , however , is faith . do not forget to have faith that what you are working on will be successful and profitable . $ make sure that you are not sacrificing yourself for your work . it is easy for you to become so wrapped up in your work that you forget about the other aspects of your life . there are other important things to consider . remember that balance is key . $ you will make a terrific new friend related to your job in some way . this valuable resource will be more important to you than you realize . this person is a little strange and awkward , but overall , he or she has valuable information that you can benefit from . $ the resources that you are looking for will be hard to come by . the more you search , the less you find . the more you push , the more others will resist . you are better off just sitting back and waiting to see what comes to you on its own . $ other people need your support in order to feel secure and confident . do not abandon them in their time of need . someday soon they will return the favor and you will be incredibly grateful . now is a time of giving and having compassion for others . $ contemplate your situation in a new way . look at the past year and ask yourself what you have accomplished . have you met the goals that you have set for yourself ? maybe you have not even set any goals . assess now in order to prepare for the future . $ your confidence is strong , and your emotional state is powerful and confident . apply this wonderful attitude to work - related issues whether you find yourself at work today or not . the breakthroughs that come to you today are extremely valuable . $ you are drawn toward something new . your thirst for knowledge is quite great . this is your time to research further schooling or an apprenticeship of some kind . you want to know more . fulfill this inner need before it consumes you . $ plan ahead ! mull things over in your mind before you take the first steps . ask yourself how the day is going to unfold . play the movie in your head , asking yourself what is going to come after scene one , then scene two , etc . pitfalls can be avoided . $ mundane , routine , boring things have no appeal to you whatsoever . today is one of those days , however , where you must embrace these kinds of issues and deal with them . get back to the basis . find your grounding . take care of the foundation . $ you have much to look forward to over the next four weeks ! today marks the beginning of this wonderful period during which you will accomplish a great deal in your career sector . huge strides will be made , and you will even amaze yourself . $ you are frustrated by the hand that you have been dealt . it is not a very good one . it is hard for you to make a good play with the meager cards you have been given . do your best and do it with a smile . do not put any great pressure on yourself . $ you will be bouncing off the walls all day . as soon as you think a project or task is done , a new variable springs up and shows you that this is not the case . there is more work to be done . take care of details as they come up . do not wait for later . $ intense issues will play a significant part in your day . themes revolving around birth , death , and transformation will rise to the surface . apply these ideas to your career path and see what you come up with . this is a time of great change . $ surround yourself with good , uplifting music that you love . a soothing tune will ease your spirits and make you think more clearly about what your needs are and what your ultimate career goals are . think on the larger scale . music will help . $ there is nothing worse for you than to get stuck in a rut . right now , it is possible that you are indeed stuck because you feel comfortable there . you feel stability there . do not get trapped . take a risk and move on to the next level . $ you know that you are fully qualified for the job . perhaps you are actually over - qualified for that type of work . are you really working up to your true potential ? if not , make sure you take some steps to find a new job or continue your education . $ let an old idea die . you may be working on a premise that is outdated or outmoded . let go of this idea and find something new . ask someone else for his or her opinion on the matter . a fresh perspective will do you good . do not be afraid to reach out . $ you are likely to get so bogged down with work today that you get overwhelmed . you may not even realize it , but deep down , difficult emotions are welling up inside you . by the time the end of the day rolls around , you may be an emotional wreck . $ embrace any opportunities you may have today to work alone . you will be most efficient and productive when you are able to concentrate on your own tasks at hand . you have all the tools you need right in front of you . $ you have a great deal of energy today but be careful with it . there is a danger for your ideas to be misguided or misdirected in some way . do not make any major changes in plans until you have consulted several others in your field . $ normally you like to throw caution to the wind and let your good luck pull you through with regard to any new work plan . today is the day to do the opposite . take a more reserved approach and make sure you have a backup plan or two . $ tension is building today from all angles and you feel yourself caught in the middle of it . keep in mind that most of this difficulty stems from maintaining a balance between facts and fantasy . know which is which and you will come out on top . $ you are in a good position to make major moves with regard to your career today . you will find that the people around you are being extra supportive of your dreams , so do not hesitate to dream big . you will succeed in what you set your mind to . $ everything is going your way today so do not waste the day boasting about it - use today 's energy to your advantage . push the envelope . you will achieve whatever goal you put your mind to . unwavering good luck will see you through to success . $ you will feel the annoying pull of reality telling you to be more practical with your ideas . today this is not a bad idea . you will be surprised at what you find when you take the time to be more realistic and think through an idea to its conclusion . $ your productivity level will skyrocket today - surprising even you . the secret of your success is to not get distracted by funny emails , social media or texts from friends . do not let innocent conversation turn into two - hour distractions from your work . $ do not worry about staying grounded or being practical while you work today . even if you try , you will not be very successful . you are better off focusing your energy on your wild , brilliant , and unique ideas . they will get you far today . $ nasty rumors about you are being passed around among your co - workers that are making it difficult for you to be effective in the workplace . do your best to resolve the situation calmly and diplomatically without escalating the drama even further . $ you are starting to see the light on a problem that you have been wrestling with in association with your career . long - term goals that seemed impossible are now within your reach . pay attention to what others say today . the answer is there . $ truth is being withheld from you and there is nothing that you hate more than not knowing the truth . work situations could get ugly in the today so be prepared to go into battle with your head held high . a great deal is at stake so be careful . $ your work seems like drudgery today - even more than usual . you will feel uncomfortably chained to a situation that simply do not resonate with you . do not be too rash and suddenly decide to quit . this is just a passing phase that will soon end . $ you are likely to get bogged down in an emotional drama while working today that you simply have nothing to do with . do your best to stay above this conflict by keeping your focus on your own work and your own needs . rely on only yourself . $ you have a strong tendency to seek out the truth , and the intensity of this quest can often be wearing on the soul . it is important to alleviate your anxiety , even if you do not recognize it on a conscious level . deep relaxation ought to be a regular part of your health regimen . massage , steam bath and sauna are ancient practices designed to relax the body and allow fresh perspectives to invigorate the soul . what have you done for yourself lately in this regard ? $ slowly growing accustomed to new health practices can be a pleasant and enlightening experience . looking to see the truth about what you eat is a way to introduce change into your diet without shocking your system on any level . organic foods are grown according to specific regulations - there are even different interpretations of what is truly organic . finding out for yourself where your food comes from is a great way to develop a healthy awareness of your environment . $ the planets are forming a pleasant and potentially illuminating aspect ! this configuration will gently alleviate the anxiety that can block you from understanding your true nature . a light workout , preferably including yoga , will open you to the benefits of this transit by putting your mind on hold , and allowing your body to assert its natural rhythms . always follow up exercise with drinking plenty of water . enjoy the enlightenment ! $ you may feel some pressure to have it all figured out . but remember that nobody , ever , has it all figured out ! remember the adage , to err is human , to forgive divine . that do not just mean forgiving others - you must learn to appreciate your own ability to forgive yourself . judgment will prevent you from listening to your own intuition . your basic needs are to eat well , to get plenty of rest , and to exercise . start with all three today ! $ there is plenty of favorable energy afoot today , which can leave you empowered and able to tune into the divine in your daily life . to encourage the positive flow of this energy , take special care to relax your mind and nourish your body with fresh food and exercise . any stress you feel in your eyes is best relieved through yoga , which will open the chakras and release energy that has been stored up in the body . $ with today 's planetary activity , you sense a struggle within yourself - what you want is different from what you need . if you choose to sail above the petty squabbling that occurs from time to time in your relationships , you will find it even more challenging to deal with this energy inside yourself . do not ignore the tension that arises between your higher self and your human desires . arm yourself to deal with it with a good dose of aerobic exercise . $ some advice for your diet : avoid caffeine . it is a very prevalent drug in our society , but it may not be right for you . begin to open your mind and your palette to alternative substances , the most common being herbal infusions , especially green tea . the stress of caffeine on the eyes ( vision ) can adversely affect you . also , include fresh fruits and vegetables that nourish your eyes : cantaloupe , cranberries , and blueberries . these delicious food sources certainly taste better than any medicine ! $ the planets are gently sending you messages that you will benefit from hearing . the current transit is good for hanging out with friends and socializing in general , if possible . you are encouraged to gently embrace what you want and need in life - a critical step towards health and happiness . the judgmental side of your nature will also be tempered at this time . you may want to avoid those cup of coffee chats with friends , opting to go for a walk together instead . $ the attention you give to your body will produce both interior and exterior results . the exterior results are not of great concern to you , though the positive comments you garner will certainly boost your self - esteem ! you generally seek an inner harmony that enhances your wellness . are you informed about matters like organic farming , and what your community does to support such things ? your involvement and contribution to these kinds of issues directly affects your sense of well - being . think about it . $ it is crucial to make sure that your joints have adequate exercise and not too much pressure put on them . this is especially important , as many of us have a sedentary lifestyle . yoga is an ideal exercise for strengthening the entire body , for toning the muscles and for keeping your flexibility . a regular yoga practice can save you time and money in the future , and greatly support your everyday well - being . preventative measures such as this are a necessity , not a luxury ! $ when you meet with internal resistance to your daily health practices , immediately suspend judgment . you are allowed to eat anything you want , and to spend your time in any way you see fit . there will be days when you will see fit to sit on the couch and watch tv . it is important to refrain from judging yourself . the next day you may want to drink a lot of water to clear the mucous build - up which dairy causes , or to address other effects of your behavior . learn to do so without passing judgment . $ suspending judgment allows you to see more of the truth . suspending judgment of the self allows you particularly to see your inner truth . today 's astral configuration is wonderful for personal inquiry . are you doing things for yourself that aid your sense of well - being , or things that detract from it ? what kind of behavior do you see in your friends that you admire and would like to follow ? you have the freedom to choose your own health practices . $ giving ourselves the benefit of the doubt is something we all sometimes need help with . as we are so committed to a better future for ourselves and our loved ones , there is a tendency to judge harshly . however , the burden of responsibility does not rest with you alone ! give yourself the freedom to take care of yourself first , not the whole world . check in with yourself on a daily basis about your diet and exercise regimen . this is a true personal responsibility ! $ the current transit makes this a good time for a general cleansing - one that really should take place at least once or twice a year . look to your body and begin the cleansing process . plenty of water , of course , is very important the whole way through . if you are able , try to maintain a couple of days worth of strict dietary limitations , eating only raw fruits and vegetables . you might feel light and active and receive a lot of return energy if you pay attention to what your body tells you . $ with today 's planetary alignment , you may be inspired to break down outdated habits and stagnant patterns in order to move into the future with big , bold steps . you may be motivated to break down traditions deemed too difficult to take on . have you ever felt like making radical changes in your health practices ? a vegetarian diet ? an earlier hour of waking up in the morning ? now would be a good time to try something big but start gradually . $ you have never been one to blindly conform to the group , but you certainly do care what people think of you . it 's time to help them and yourself out and give them the information they need in order to really know you . you might want to first take a refresher course where you are concerned ! do you really know what you do and do not want ? disciplined exercise such as swimming and running give you the time to reflect on these questions while building your strength and self - esteem . $ you are always happy to drop the old and start anew , but sometimes it 's worth it just to stick to the routine . do you have a health routine ? this is an important discipline for you to adhere to , because of your natural tendency to dream about the future and forget about the present . in the present , you must pay attention to the adequate administering of healthy food and plenty of water . unless you still live with your mom , your health is up to you ! $ unfortunately for some of us , black tea and coffee consumption is known to weaken our vision . to help strengthen your eyes at this time , take tea brewed with the herb known as eyebright . beta carotene is found in foods such as carrots , apricots and cantaloupe - the liver converts this pigment into vitamin a , which is very helpful for night vision . take care of your eyes and create your vision of the future with enhanced precision . $ today 's transit encourages you to shower those you love with affection . this is something you may do inwardly all the time , but actually people need physical and verbal appreciation more than you sometimes realize . use this energy to give yourself the best of everything , too . have a breakfast with fresh fruit and whole grains , keep the fresh fruits and vegetables coming all day , and have a little protein with one meal . oh , and , water , water , water ! your energy will glow with this kind of treatment . $ you need lots of friends , but also sufficient quiet time to focus on her own inner needs . your goals tend to be people - oriented , but private time is what nurtures your ability to understand and set your goals . combining thought with exercise is a wonderful habit to develop . at least once a week , take yourself on a long run or walk , or simply hit the tennis ball against a wall . this physical outlet creates the space for you to clarify your thoughts without being annoyed with your friends . $ your adventurous spirit likes to explore , especially as today your mind could be buzzing with new ideas . thinking , talking , evaluating , dreaming - this is what you love doing , and these tendencies help you determine how to ease the suffering of others . however , in order to really know what others are feeling , you need to observe more than speculate . to not become overwhelmed with the issues and challenges others bring to your door , pursuing an art project or engaging in a music group can keep you balanced and grounded . $ with so many friends , you can be overwhelmed sometimes . do you manage to keep in contact regularly ? have you noticed that you have not heard from someone dear to you for a long time ? focus on what you have to give of your time and see if something creative comes to mind that can help you stay connected with the people you care about , despite your busy schedule . after all , your life would not be whole if you had to spend it alone . $ one of the best ways to improve your health is to give yourself more time . no , i am not talking about turning back the clock ! give yourself the time between activities to re - group and understand what you want and need to do next . when we rush from place to place , we lose our sense of purpose and regret the time we waste . even the choice of what you eat will be affected by giving yourself enough time to notice what you really want . $ you generally need a lot personal time to sort out your complex feelings about the world . try engaging in sports that can assist you in getting the most out of your personal time . long distance running , swimming , hiking and mountain biking all require significant time commitment , which you can then put to good use inside your head . healthy habits that meet your needs in combination are priceless . it 's a long life , and you will enjoy yourself more , and have more to share with others ! $ you love this time of year because it 's all about evaluating and planning . what can you do for your health that was lacking during the past few months ? if you prefer bottled water , do you have a water delivery service ? it 's cheaper than buying bottles . if you prefer organic produce , consider signing up with a monthly club that delivers local organic produce to your door for much less money than what you would pay at the market . plan for a healthy year ! $ today is all about reform . whatever can be improved upon , your soul is right on the scene . you finally want to start focusing more on your well - being . you are known for being focused on the greater good while sometimes egregiously ignoring the personal , the right here at home , the person looking at you in the mirror . get where this is going ? stop saving the world and get in a good workout . and pay attention to what your body is trying to tell you . $ you will benefit from eating fish instead of meat as often as possible . fish oil has tremendously beneficial effects on the nails and hair and do not tax the digestive system as red meat does . enjoy the lighter things in life : fresh vegetables , bean curd , soy products and herbal tea . even if you make substitutes only once a week , you will benefit in the long run from your effort . have you ever followed a recipe for fish or tofu ? try it ! $ you are capable of rising above the earthly plane and seeing straight into the future : but it 's a vision that can sometimes be quite difficult to share with others . to help merge this talent with more practical matters , forge a partnership in say , your exercise regimen . you can keep the long - term goals in mind and your partner can motivate you on the day to day stuff . together you can shape your goals into reality ! $ you tend to be a giver , but rarely to yourself ! are you tired ? exhaustion often results from a failure to plan . today 's planetary configuration gives you the perfect time to set up the next two weeks to most benefit you , you , and you . do not give in to stress and go with the high - fat content flow . plan ahead three healthy meals a week and stick to them . you can prepare delicious and healthy soup and keep it in the freezer ! $ your gift of sight usually serves you especially well . nurture your natural vision with sources of vitamin a and beta - carotene . do not rub your eyes if they are tired or itchy . there are better ways to find relief . use delicate eye moisturizer for the skin around the eyes . wear sunglasses to prevent sun damage ( yes , especially when the glare is strong ) . your vision is a gift - use it to see , and do , good in the world . $ give yourself the benefit of the doubt . your emotions may run high , but you still may have trouble catching up with them . today 's transit makes you especially sensitive to criticism , so keep your distance in order to you have perspective on where others may be coming from . a quiet , centering yoga session would be good . be gentle on yourself , nothing too tough ! ease your way into your emotional center . $ your creative efforts are beginning to show fruit , and this is cause for celebration . however , do not begin to neglect the regimented program you have been trying to follow regarding diet and exercise . now more than ever it is important to keep the internal pathways open - physically and energetically . at least three times a week you must exercise your body to let fresh energy bubble forth and old energy recycle on through the universe . you are aware of being part of something larger - act like it ! $ keeping up with your creative plans for the future is sometimes hard for your friends - and it can be also hard for your body ! you must dedicate as much energy to the present as you do the future . it will help you and your relationships ! regarding your health , it is especially important to consistently exercise and drink plenty of water . skipping these fundamental practices now could negatively impact your future . stay carefully tuned to your health regimen ! $ your spiritual nature is enlivened by today 's transit ! we humans have a special relationship with water . it gives us spiritual rejuvenation and makes us feel alive ! you may want to think about how much water you actually give yourself each day . water plays a vital role in how your skin looks , and whether or not you have regular digestive activity . eight full glasses a day will dramatically change how you look and feel ! $ waiting for the right time to start getting serious about your health ? that time is past . you must start today if you are asking yourself this question - it is never too late . the first step could be increasing the amount of water you drink each day . make this month the period of time you use to really watch how much water you drink and double it . most people suffer from effects of dehydration without even knowing it . are you one of them ? $ love gives us energy to get through life . loving your body helps , too . nurture your body with exercise and you will find yourself able to be more loving towards others . practice loving your body by carefully planning your meals days in advance . be thoughtful about your upcoming meals as though you were wooing your own body to join you in a lifetime of happy adventures - because that 's what you 're faced with , and whether you make them happy or not is up to you ! $ you are apt to see the bigger picture more clearly than the little one this week . you will enjoy socializing and making merry , if possible , but try not to skip over feelings while in the pursuit of accomplishment . whatever your plans are , be rigorous in keeping your daily exercise , a balanced diet and abundant rest and relaxation at all times , even the busiest ones . when you feel that you are floating away on the ethers of excitement , breathe deeply and ground yourself . $ the power to nurture others is inherent in your being . you have something to offer that all creatures need . but be aware that you yourself need to center regularly and find ways to recharge . in order to protect yourself from unforeseen difficulties , be prudent regarding your diet . eat the freshest foods possible and do not leave yourself open to illness or injury . it is in your nature to think ahead , so use this gift for yourself . $ always watch what you eat so that you feel your best at all times , and especially at stressful ones . we all tend to become distracted while chatting away or watching tv - we barely notice what we put in our mouths ! there are ways to handle these situations and most of them involve just a little bit of forethought . for instance , for every alcoholic beverage you ingest , drink one glass of water ( preferably with no ice ) . $ you have a knack for getting along well with others , and it 's time to turn your focus onto yourself and pay attention to what you want and need . this is not easy for you , and you will be glad to hear that the planetary transit is aiding those on difficult paths . creating a structure within which you can take care of your health needs is the best way to go : this way , you will not have to think about it . plan ahead including meals , exercise , rest and entertainment . $ the energy it takes to explain why you did not do something you should have is twice as expensive as the energy it takes to do something right . the stakes are even higher when it comes to your health . the energy it takes to eat well and exercise often is infinitely less than the energy it takes to deal with illness . take a moment to steer yourself in the right direction if tense , stressful times have put you off your usual health regimen . it s perfectly natural to turn to comfort foods and mood - altering behaviors in times of great uncertainty . it s okay that you ve perhaps leaned a little heavily on these creature comforts over the last many weeks , but given that this is a marathon and not a sprint , you now have the opportunity to adjust your course for the long haul . drink at least one glass of water for every glass of wine or soda , try to get more sleep , move more , experiment with checking the news only once a day , or every other day . $ you often make statements that are more profound than you are aware of , leading people to expect more from you than you realize . if you feel a little out of touch with yourself , take some time for self - care . make yourself the healthiest or most comforting dinner you can with what you have on hand . draw a hot bath and get to bed early with your favorite reading material . this will help you to know where you stand , and to re - establish the bond with yourself - thus making you more self - aware . $ this is a day for making yourself feel comfortable . if there is something on your mind that you need to unload , ask a friend to lend an ear . if you feel that you need more cardio exercise than you ve been getting lately , make today your first good home workout and feel the benefit of those deep breaths balancing out your body 's energy . $ your future starts today . a clear pathway is open to you so ask yourself : what do you want for your health ? do you want to ignore your body until invasive medical measures are required ? or do you want to have an informed , delightful experience of nurturing your body and your mind in a preventative fashion ? if you prefer the latter , maybe it 's time to invest in your choice of text : a healthy cookbook , a holistic hygiene reference , or a book on feng shui . $ when you feel unbalanced it 's a little more upsetting than it is for other people . for instance , when you break the routine in your exercise practice you tend to feel the effects quite strongly . you can use this sensitivity constructively . if you need to start a health practice and have trouble getting motivated , all you need to do is start and the energy rush you will get will make you want more right away . use this momentum to build a health regimen . $ with so much focus on politics , it is easy to lose track of the daily wellness program we all need to keep in order to stay healthy and take advantage of the many privileges we have in our modern society . this is a good time to take stock of what you have and how you can put it to its best use . take your body for example . can it do all the things you dream of doing ( realistically speaking ) ? work at it - gently . $ give yourself an inch and you might take a mile ! i recommend you bring that tendency poolside ! swimming is an exercise that benefits the body and mind , and it is not an expensive sport . whether you are a beginner or a high school champ , try to integrate this lovely , low - impact sport into your life . it strengthens your lung capacity while toning your whole body , and once you get on a roll it can be like meditation . weather permitting , it 's a wonderful bonus to be outside ! $ be good to yourself , because nobody else has the power to make you happy - george michael said that in one of his songs , and he might as well have been thinking of you ! you need to take the power into your own hands and create the physical reality you can be happy in . this means opening up your eyes to all that you wish were different about your body and taking steps toward a future form that is closer to your ideal . $ the planetary energy gives you the concrete desire to turn your most inspired thoughts into reality . if you see yourself as a long - distance runner but have never jogged a mile , run on down to the nearest sports equipment store , if possible , and just look at the shoes - maybe have a conversation with the person in charge of that section of the store . begin to help yourself feel comfortable in the areas you would like to grow into . baby steps all the way , kid ! impress only yourself . $ walking can be a great exercise for you now because it gives you time to slow down and concentrate on yourself . you may need to think certain issues over and clear up excess mental clutter , not to mention free - floating anxieties . walking ( or long runs if you are an accomplished runner already ) is a spiritual as well as a physical exercise and is highly recommended right now . $ the movement of the planets knocks everyone off their center a little bit , and for you this will typically mean reverting to behavior that do not exactly benefit you personally . that is , while trying to do the right thing you might not see the forest for the trees . noticing each and every try means getting through your days doing something nurturing for your body : lots of drinking water , plenty of fresh produce and a varied diet that alternate sources of protein : meat , fish and legumes . $ you may find yourself growing more involved in a physical relationship with someone you care about , and today 's aspect will greatly enhance your ability to approach matters of sensuality with openness . this regards how you approach yourself most importantly . your body is a vehicle for self - expression , and you must love your body in order to make love with it ! this means caring for it with regular exercise , a healthy diet and a conscientious approach to intimate relationships ! $ watch yourself in terms of giving more to other people than what you give to yourself . you may be under the influence of the present cosmic climate , which could bring your natural tendency of being your brother 's keeper to an unhealthy level . to make sure you stay centered , watch what you eat and take in very few ( if any ) carbohydrates for a few days . this exercise will get you to focus on yourself and also reduce the kind of sugar high energy which fuels distraction . $ there are many planets coming into your sign these days , and it will make you feel as though there is meaning in just about everything that happens . this is not necessarily the case but can definitely be distracting . to enhance the power , you can have during this time and minimize distraction , get regular exercise and drink lots of water . keeping your body and mind in tune with universal energy right now is priority . $ because you can see what needs to happen for the good of humanity - that is a special gift you possess - do not mean that you are the one to do it ! center yourself and all your insights with a regular exercise practice , and you will be in a better position to help the world you live in . yoga is a wonderful resource . the more you go the greater the benefit . do not worry about getting in shape . instead , focus on breathing and connecting to positive energy . $ the position of the heavenly bodies supports you with energy to really act on behalf of others . you enjoy the feeling of helping other people succeed against the odds . however , you must also pay attention to yourself , otherwise you will quickly grow resentful of what others have that you lack . this is called affliction . to avoid being afflicted , make your diet and exercise the priority no matter what . when you take care of yourself physically you notice all your other needs more readily . $ your tendency to go along with what everyone else is doing can sometimes give you the impression that what 's good for the group is good for you - and this is just not true . we each have an individual recipe for health , and it 's up to each of us to discover it and follow it religiously . plan a few meals to prepare at home this week . you may wish to invite others to join you , if possible , but know deep down inside that you 're doing it for you . $ your sign is going to be getting a lot of planetary attention throughout the next several months , so get used to hearing general statements , which may or may not necessarily apply to your particular situation . what is critical that you do , however , is pay straightforward attention to your body and its health needs . you must drink plenty of water and get regular exercise . there is something going on , and you must be prepared to get the most out of the energy that you possibly can . $ so many ideas - so little time ! you will feel light - headed these days with the current influence from the planetary alignment . and off you go , on to other realms besides this earthly existence . there is exquisite energy to be gleaned from journeys of the spirit , but the effect is only as good as your physical condition . ground yourself during this special time with a diet that includes fresh meals made with seasonal vegetables . earthy produce for a healthy mind . $ the position of the heavenly bodies will make you a highly sought out individual this week . people intuitively sense your wisdom and will knowingly or unknowingly ask that you help them with their problems . you must be aware of this so that you can keep track of your own energy level . you tend to become exhausted without realizing it . set yourself a bedtime this week and do not fail to meet it . limit your availability to others after dinnertime so that you have time to center yourself before bed . $ your climb upwards is sometimes greatly aided by the inspiration of a good view . today 's planetary energies enhance your ability to see the glass half full , or to see the beauty of your daily surroundings . improve what you do for your health by taking time to notice what you love about feeling healthy . notice the way you like to feel and aim to promote this state of being with what you eat and how often you exercise . $ you have never been one to abandon a course once set out on , however , you must get used to the little detours life shows us along the way ! rather than looking at these detours as setbacks , consider them as curves in the road that were too subtle to be realized when you were starting out . have faith that you 're still on the path ! support your sensitive nature by taking night - time or early morning baths with a few drops of lavender oil . $ your usual rooting and balance is a saving grace during times of troubled waters - and when a challenging aspect occurs it 's time to hold on to what makes you feel secure and not let go ! if you sense conflict with your loved ones or your boss , give yourself the benefit of isolation and distance . keep your feelings close to your heart and move through this difficult period with the self - assurance that a solid health regimen can give you . pay close attention to your body . $ today 's aspect is one of the most beneficial transits , emotionally speaking . often you feel torn between lofty pursuits and everyday living . lofty pursuits are easier , in a way ; difficulties arise with everyday living , where other people 's sensitivities clash with your own . the energy of the day helps you to verbalize and communicate in new ways that help your personal relationships . to increase the positive impact of this transit , take care to eat citrus fruits rich in vitamin c . $ you can be motivated to achieve a great deal under the influence of today 's celestial atmosphere . if you were running on empty recently , this is the boost of fuel that you needed to scale further heights . resentment can also be an issue during this transit so keep yourself healthy in every aspect : drink plenty of water , exercise every day , and eat foods that agree with your system . avoid junk food and excess sugar at all costs - that is not what you need right now . $ under the aspect of the day it would be advisable to watch out for miscommunication . you may want to pay special attention while making plans or setting up virtual meetings for work . operate under that assumption that if something can go wrong it probably will ! this is an opportunity to pay extra special attention to what you really need to communicate to others . when in doubt , call and confirm . also , watch your step - the likelihood of tripping is increased . $ you should be getting a break with the planetary alignment today : it 's time to focus on yourself and pamper yourself ! get yourself organized around what is good for you . good food , good company and yes - exercise ! it 's important to let your body express its raw energy rather than allowing that energy to stay bottled up and eventually be converted into mental energy . use this aspect to begin a phase of physical purification . you 're going to be in this body your whole life ! $ today 's transit will make you feel about ten years younger this month , and that 's without even trying ! you can feel at your best if you apply this transit to your workouts and involve it in your weight - lifting or cardio work that you once found challenging . the aspect will give you the power of ten cups of coffee without any of the negative side effects ! oh - try to stay away from caffeine and increase your water intake , too ! $ make the most of your time outside of work . the aspect of the day encourages your playful side . watch movies that lighten the spirit , play with children every chance you get , play with adults when there are not any kids around , if possible , and most importantly , exercise ! nothing brings the spirits up more than moving your body in aerobic exercise . oxygenated blood is the best anti - depressant around - and you cannot get it sitting on the couch ! you can choose your favorite form of exercise , so enjoy it . $ the planets make a harmonious connection today . there is a big chance you will feel lighter than usual , and more easily engaged in other people 's concerns than you normally feel is possible . people may respond quite positively to you , but do not forget to take care of yourself ! everyday counts when it comes to your health . diet is a big part of your mood , so take note of what you feel like eating today . maybe you can replicate it when you 're not feeling quite as great ! $ the planetary alignment today is troubling for many of you because it is so much about emotions . facing your feelings squarely is difficult because you need to admit vulnerability and acknowledge pain . this is not easy for anyone . you may want to seek out your friends and ask them for help . if you do not feel there is anything troubling you , perhaps you can treat yourself to lots of nurturing behavior . a nice dinner , a hot bath , and a good night 's rest . $ the planetary alignment makes this a time of great insight for you . your personal goals and aspirations will come into focus as you begin to experience a bit of conflict . a challenge may be just what you need to dive into your goals with added zeal . take your exercise program seriously now , for you can be open to injury if you are not focused on your body . take special care of your legs and feet . $ you feel empowered by today 's aspect . there are strong emotions fueling your ascent to the top , and that 's how you like it ! your usual intensity is lightened by this playful transit , and that helps you in communication with others . get to the heart of the matter with friends and find a laugh there ! give in to your feelings of vulnerability and appreciate what it means to have friends ! exercise will help you spread this energy out through your body . $ today you may feel like the entire weight of the world is resting on your shoulders . so many good intentions gone to waste , so much action taken without love or grace , so many shadows blocking the light . when you feel so much of the world 's pain , your only hope is to see the good intentions in the failures of others , and to hope for peace so that you can be a beacon for others . take comfort - without you , we 'd be lost . $ when you feel unbalanced it 's a little more upsetting than it is for other people . for instance , when you break the routine in your exercise practice you tend to feel the effects quite strongly . you can use this sensitivity constructively . if you need to start a health practice and have trouble getting motivated , all you need to do is start and the energy rush you will get will make you want more right away . use this momentum to build a health regimen . $ there 's a lot of maverick energy out there these days . isolation is not the answer but do keep your distance from those who drain you . tune it out and tune into yourself ! consider raising your spirits by working with your hands . go get some wonderful , organic produce and prepare yourself a nourishing meal such as homemade soup . take yourself on a long walk by a body of water and breathe in the fresh air , exhaling any sadness or anxiety . $ one thing to keep in mind is that you have time on your side . when things seem to be moving too fast to really get a grasp on them , try to stay out of harm 's way and heed your inner counsel . have you had a special interest lately that you 've been meaning to investigate ? learning how to throw pottery , sewing , or another creative project that you can make with your own two hands ? this is the kind of work that will be grounding for you right now , and this is what you need . $ your intuition may be so strong today that you will not even catch the implications until a few days from now . that 's not highly unusual for you , but you may feel a little bit sleepy as a result . this do not necessarily mean that you must have less energy than usual . it is absolutely important that you stay physically active when you have a few days of intense emotional fog . if possible , take a walk during your lunch break . anything you can do to add some physical momentum to this day will do you a world of good . $ this could be a night to remember ! at the very least , it 's a good night to have a really good time - whatever that means to you . you are feeling in your element today and you are calling the shots ! sit back and imagine your perfect day , afternoon , evening - and then go ahead and make it happen . remember to factor in somewhere a release for your physical energy . it 's important to stick to your basic routine , but the rest of the night is up to you . $ you may feel like there 's nothing you feel passionate about today , or that what you do feel passionate about is just out of reach . give yourself the benefit of physical satisfaction . drink plenty of water in order to feel full , eat lightly so you have plenty of natural energy , and stay away from excess salt and greasy foods . your energy and drive will return in the days to come , and you 'll be ready to go ! $ you are closer to the truth than ever . it 's important for you to take a stand about what you believe in . empathy and compassion can only go so far - sometimes people need more of a push ! what you know to be true is important to share with the rest of the world . wherever you go , you will surely attract followers . treat your tired feet to a hot soak with a few drops of lavender extract ! $ observe yourself carefully and watch for signs of surrender . it could be difficult to stick to a healthy lifestyle if you tend to become isolated . the things that you do for yourself every day , like eating healthy meals and working out , should be done with friends as much as possible . this way the fun keeps us coming back for more even when we want to give up ! invite a friend to join you for a workout , if possible - they will thank you for it ! $ today 's atmosphere seems to make the world a safer place . enjoy this feeling of expansive caring to the maximum . start with getting your blood flowing with some kind of aerobic exercise . then treat yourself to a dinner that includes organic produce : grown and consumed with the conscious intention of nourishing not only the body but the soul . you have the natural ability to tap into these positive energies , and the planets emphasize your idealistic perspective . $ with today 's astral energy at play , you might feel driven by a cause . just do not let it drive you crazy ! the urge to fix things , and even people , can lead you down a path of frustration . take the time and do some kind of exercise that creates a meditative state . repetitive exercise such as yoga or a series of laps on a track can give you the distance that you need . you will feel more at peace with yourself , too . $ you are very sensitive to the plight of the earth as it undergoes destruction in many places . support your own inner peace through the calming practice of meditation ( a long walk can be a meditation , too ) or gentle exercise . if you are feeling susceptible to illness , use preventive herbal remedies such as goldenseal , echinacea and astragalus , all easily found in your local health food store . to calm the pineal gland , our bodies ' most attuned psychic organ , the fruit of the papaya is recommended . $ your concern for others brings you closer and closer to the feeling that you need the same kind of concern for yourself . maybe it will mean getting hurt a few times before you learn that setting boundaries is useful for you . start paying attention to your boundaries through following a more organized health regimen . taking care of yourself sends out messages to others that they must take care with you . also , remember that drinking enough water and other fluids is critical to maintaining healthy blood circulation . $ you may finally have that revelation that has been eluding you ! your intentions and actions come together with the vocalization of your ideas . if your desire to help others is strong but you need help expressing that , consult someone you respect . through the articulation of your thoughts , you will bring them closer to a reality that can be shared with others . it often helps to take a long walk in order to get your courage up . $ the disappointment you feel from conflict is connected with your desire to see people get along . how strong is that desire ? will it take you out of yourself and make your moods vacillate based on how things are going over there ? to counteract this negative tendency , make the following foods a regular part of your diet : fresh papaya and an herb tea called purple loosestrife . this , along with regular exercise , will reduce the destructive impulse to help others before you help yourself . $ once you have formed an opinion , you usually stick to it . your goal in life is to develop true self - confidence that comes from within . your independence of thought enables you to find the right path leading to a good balance , but you tend to easily lose it in a moment of eccentricity . the best practice to combat this is regular yoga : the gentle firming up of your muscles accompanied by the gentle release of negative energy . $ the truth is very likely that you would rather not be here , but someplace else ! your adventurous nature makes you want to travel to the outer reaches of the universe . health practices such as yoga and meditation can assist you in finding peace . your dietary concerns should focus on getting you grounded . a healthy immune system will prevent weakness . thus , apart from drinking a lot of water , consuming fresh lemon juice and echinacea is recommended . $ an excellent planetary aspect is occurring that elevates your emotional world to the height of the mountaintop . looking at your emotions with perspective is a healthy practice that bolsters self - confidence . consciously creating this perspective on a regular basis is the goal of yoga . finding the right yoga discipline and routine might be your goal this season . the lymphatic system that controls our immune system is also greatly helped by yoga . $ you may have the feeling that things are out of control . if you open up to all that you are feeling , you may become afraid or overwhelmed . it may help you to do some grounding exercise in order to remind yourself that you are in a human body ! the regularity with which you exercise will affect the degree you feel overwhelmed in your life . drinking plenty of water is the second half of the exercise equation . be aware that your body may need more minerals and vitamins , depending on the stress level you experience . $ thanks to the day 's planetary configuration , you will intuitively sense the state of world affairs . this aspect sends messages of brotherly love , and in many cases , meets with resistance . give yourself the benefit of a healthy lifestyle during this critical time in the human story . a healthy lifestyle includes plenty of rest because an overactive mind can take you away from the basics . rest , diet , and exercise should be your mantra during trying times . $ there is so much sensitivity in you . you may feel that peace is all you need to be happy and be heartbroken to see what is going on in the world . try giving yourself peace as much and as often as you can : peace in the bathtub , peace at the dinner table , and peace in bed . learn to require in your own life what you want to see in the world . drawing that power up in yourself will give you focus and ground you . exercise is the mainstay of this dream . $ for every pharmaceutical treatment , there is a holistic way to take care of yourself ! pay attention to where you get your knowledge regarding wellness . do you rely on what your parents taught you ? ( how is their health ? ) do you believe what 's written on all the packaging you buy ? do you have a friend or two who seem tuned in to holistic health care practices ? open yourself to receiving knowledge from new sources and notice the healthy difference it can make in your life . $ as you take charge of your health , you may feel at times that there is a bit too much to keep track of ! diet , routine , exercise , illness , sleep - and everything else that is involved with this thing called self - love . this is why you have friends . your friends can help you assess your situation and figure out the best course of action . sometimes laughing away the tension is all you really need ! $ you are able to intuitively sense what 's needed in a given situation . if you are in the habit of preparing meals for yourself and your family , you are probably naturally gifted at preparing healthy meals . to expand on this gift , you might learn some healthy techniques found in vegetarian or even vegan cookbooks . the perspectives contained in these texts may be new to you , but what you take away will enhance your experience of cooking and eating . $ the current planetary alignment makes you more open to truths that you may otherwise miss . try to think honestly about what you do for yourself that increases your feeling of wellness , and what you do that inhibits your well - being . your personal health regimen needs to be totally specific to your needs . some herbal substances that are said to be beneficial and calming are : jasmine , lavender , lotus , and forget - me - not . incorporate your favorite scent into your bathing ritual ! $ today could bring attention to the throat area , which can be especially sensitive under the current transit . there are several homeopathic treatments which aid an infected throat : astragalus , echinacea , gargling salt mixed into warm water , and putting fresh lemon on your food . a hurt throat sends a message to your body not to speak . this leads to internalization of emotions and can cause mental distress . try to purify your lymphatic system with respect to this condition . $ even though you are a soft and emotional person , you are equally capable of anger and aggression . however , the tendency for most is to internalize anger and aggression , which wreaks havoc upon the immune system , as well as other vital biological systems . if you have experienced this recently , consider taking up a workout that involves ( safely ) kicking , yelling , and hitting inanimate objects . this technique will help you to get out your anger and alleviate pressure and strain . $ drinking an adequate amount of water is difficult for some . it takes time and practice to cultivate the habit . here are some tips : add fresh lemon to your water to enhance the taste and boost your immune system . set realistic expectations for yourself : start with thinking that it 's just as easy to drink two glasses of water as one . and a cup of herbal tea before bedtime definitely counts ! this nightly ritual will both hydrate and relax you . $ feelings of discouragement are a possibility with today 's celestial energies . what you want may seem to be out of reach , quickly breeding a feeling of sadness . focus on all that you do to nurture yourself , and the many small accomplishments you 've made since reading your wellness horoscope ! you can take steps to avoid the pitfalls of depression as soon as you recognize the signs . definitely ask a friend to cheer you up - that 's what real friends love to do ! $ today 's astral configuration provides guidance for your dreams . it might be a good idea to approach a close friend for a little support and advice . they will likely understand where you are coming from and be able to provide you with some inspiration . remember to offer what you are asking for . if you need some help with motivation , for example , explain what prompted you to confide in them : this will motivate that person to help you and enable you to get what you want out of the relationship . $ today 's aspect gives you the insight to cleanse yourself , either physically or emotionally . if something has been bothering you emotionally , usually there is some unresolved issue between you and another person . depending on the severity of this problem , it can help to write out your frustrations or to draw a picture . try to get it outside of you in some way . when you feel you have a handle on the issue , do some physical exercise to stir up new blood and complete the cleansing process . $ as strong as you are spiritually , you must contend with issues of timidity in order to get what you want in this life . with the astral energy at play , you are granted a breather during which it is ok to meander a bit and wonder about things , a natural tendency with you . however , consider getting involved in activities like boxing , kickboxing , or karate in order to increase your confidence and motivation . play around at screaming and punching in the appropriate environment . apart from releasing all that pent - up energy , you could meet a new side of yourself ! $ give yourself an inch and you might take a mile ! i recommend you bring that tendency poolside , if possible ! swimming is an exercise that benefits the body and mind , and it is not an expensive sport . whether you are a beginner or a high school champ , try to integrate this lovely , low - impact sport into your life . it strengthens your lung capacity while toning your whole body , and once you get on a roll it can be like meditation . weather permitting , it 's a wonderful bonus to be outside . $ this is a good time to pay special attention to your feet . filling tubs of warm water should be a usual practice , especially when you regularly have to wear socks or stockings and shoes . if you re able to enlist the help of a special friend to make this a really worthwhile process , that 's even better : add a dozen drops of lavender oil ( or australian tea tree oil ) to the tub of warm water and soak your feet . consider referring to a book on reflexology and discover the therapeutic benefits of foot massage with your friend . $ your intuition functions proportionally to how well you are sleeping at night . to help strengthen your metaphysical talents , try creating a bedtime ritual that you follow religiously for two weeks . whatever strikes you as appropriate : music , a hot bath , rhythmic dancing , stretching , singing lullabies to yourself , anything . try to make your sleep ritual the apex of every 24 - hour period . when you awake , write your dreams in a journal . keeping track will help you notice your progress . $ you love to explore new ideas , your very own adventures of the mind , and you are greatly assisted by today 's astral energy . your idealistic nature tempts you to focus on utopian dreams . you feel this energy as the essence of possibility , and it will be a period of emotional optimism for you . whatever you have doubted to be possible in your health or dietary regimen , now is the time to give it a try . it do not have to be a marathon . start small , and you can make your dreams a reality ! $ do you ever experience cold hands and feet ? this is a sign of weak circulation and can be aided by activities such as fast walking , running and swimming . look at your exercise schedule and pay attention to what really gets your blood moving . if you can afford a massage every few weeks , it 's a good time of year to make this a monthly practice if possible . when all else fails , stand on your head ! not only your blood circulation , but also your immune system will benefit from this special attention . $ you are generally no stranger to suffering . your quiet , internal world is constantly interrupted and disturbed by the goings - on of the human race . in order to keep your equilibrium , you must have one or two hobbies that strengthen your inner world . painting comes to mind or playing some kind of music . knowing the kind of atmosphere you thrive in is paramount . give yourself what you need in order to feel secure in your environment . $ you may want to do some kind of volunteer work . helping the needy is a year - round opportunity , not limited to certain special occasions . pay attention to this part of yourself and to your outgoing nature . if you have like - minded friends , try to start planning a day or two of service in advance , if possible . there are so many opportunities for giving of yourself that you may have a hard time deciding where to focus your attention . $ waiting for the right time can be good advice , but not with regard to developing healthy habits to live by . you need to eat three meals a day with healthy snacks in between ( fresh fruit , for example ) . you need to sleep like a baby - and there are ways to create more successful sleeping habits if you need help . you need to drink enough water to keep your immune system strong and your elimination process in tune . these are things that do not benefit from waiting . $ you seem to love games that involve mystery - have you been playing enough board games lately ? generally speaking , there are not enough adults who play board games these days . human beings are among the most playful creatures on earth . when it comes to working together to solve a mystery , we easily combine forces . indulge your sense of mystery in choosing the books you read , the films you see , even the kinds of conversation you initiate with your friends . socrates said , i have decided to be happy because it is good for my health ! $ you are quite sensitive to color , light , and sound . is your home environment nurturing you as it should ? apart from what 's in the fridge and cupboards ( of utmost importance ) , do you have the color of paint that you desire on your walls ? do you have plants that are able to grow in a well - lit space ? do you have the kind of music you like to play in the privacy of your own home ? these things matter to your well - being as much as anything else ! $ nothing can pick up your soul like fresh juice with lots of ginger in it . this season , treat yourself to one of the greatest man - made creations ever : a juicer . if you have never made your own juice , you are in for a treat . if you 've had it in restaurants , you will experience new depths of self - love when you drink it in the privacy of your own kitchen , or dare i say , bathtub . carrot , apple and ginger root is a marvelous blend . $ you are the kind of spirited nature john lennon had in mind when he wrote the song imagine . the ideal world that is always just out of our reach , where all things live in harmony , is where you really want to be . thus , you are no stranger to suffering here on earth . emotional suffering negatively impacts your immune system , and vice versa . to toughen up your immune system , keep some echinacea around the house and add 8 - 10 drops of it to your nightly herbal tea . $ you are easily taken aback by people who seem to know what they want and how to get it . remember that your reflective nature tends to give a lot of credit to others while at the same time depriving yourself of the same . break this pattern of find yourself in a rut , comparing yourself to others or worse , manipulating others to balance the insecurity you feel . openly communicate with those who do things you would like to be able to do : you will be surprised at how they help you ! $ you have experienced a lot of emotional impact over the past couple of months , and it would behoove you to process it in a series of yoga exercises in preparation for any upcoming new experiences . your breath is most important now - slow and deep breathing exercises can make a world of difference in your outlook . taking your breath seriously can mean the difference between experiencing a coming together rather than a falling apart in the months ahead . $ you like to be part of a healthy relationships , whether with one person or with a whole group of people . for this reason , it can give you a lot of satisfaction to be part of a volunteer organization . you get to pick the cause of your choice and the people you meet are bound to be good people , like you , potentially with common interests . if you want to get in shape while you serve , look into walks or runs that raise money for worthy causes . $ with today 's transit , you may feel motivated to participate in some group activity that involves planning and helping others . even if it 's a small birthday party for a friend , respect this need of yours to be involved in spreading a sense of community , if possible . to experience a sense of participation to the fullest , be sure to exercise and get your blood circulating . when you feel physically engaged with your own strength , you are more grounded and ready to give . $ a feeling of peace or satisfaction is available to you now and though you might not know the source , it feels a long time coming . typically , it 's possible for you to go about finding the source of this feeling in what others might call a backwards approach . begin a discipline now of healthy practices . a diet of light foods and plenty of water along with physical activities might reveal to you the source of this peaceful feeling . $ although you may be known as a great healing spirit , you must learn how to heal yourself as well ! your sensitive soul may feel like retreating from all the hoopla around you but stay attuned to your need for companionship . keep up with your exercise routine and try to find a workout companion , if possible , to make the going a bit easier . there may be someone you work with or live by who would be inspired by an invitation to join you for a walk or run in the park . this way you help someone else while you help yourself ! $ today 's planetary movement makes the world seem very real to you - whatever you are feeling inside , you will have no problem finding something to identify with on the outside . you will benefit from asserting yourself on the physical plane under this transit . consider doing something out - of - doors , a walk or run in the woods or in a park . connect to the healthiest signs you see in nature and bring that natural confirmation back to your own emotional truth . $ the most effective measure of a healthy diet is how well you sleep . the quality of rest you enjoy has to do with how finely tuned your body is . what you eat affects your ability to exercise and relax . take the time to notice how your body digests what you eat . red meat is difficult to digest - leafy greens are easy to digest . get familiar with the spectrum and start treating your body the way you would a finely tuned instrument . $ you are startled by the violence you see in the world , and you need to balance out the shock with predictably soothing activities . surround yourself with gentleness in your home - create a safe haven . practice soothing exercises such as yoga , stretching , and walking . calm your mind with reading positive material and practicing meditation in any way you see fit . give yourself the balance you need , and notice when you need to balance . walking is a wonderful exercise for regaining balance . $ the planetary energy can make this an emotional time for you , filling you with sensitivity and awareness . you may or may not have been taught how to develop your sensitivity and awareness as a child , but it 's never too late to start ! if you realize that there is something or someone you need to let go of at this time , why not create some kind of ritual that will give you the necessary closure you need ? nurture your spirituality when you feel open to it . $ you can benefit tremendously from a group physical activity , if possible , such as a team that trains together for an athletic event . the group spirit is uplifting for your nature , which tends to be introverted when left alone . and , having a goal can help shape your perspective about life , which can otherwise become obtuse and slightly pessimistic if you are not careful . enjoy yourself with friends who are physically active , if you can , and see what energy comes of it . $ it is easy for you to get carried away with emotions - your own or other people 's - and it 's important to balance yourself with grounding physical activities . walking is preferable to using a car or public transportation , weather permitting . be defiant when it comes to taking time for yourself , as you will pay a high price for ignoring your personal needs . sitting down for a cup of herbal tea is also a nice thing to do for yourself . stay calm and centered . $ wishing you were somewhere else is a recipe for a bad mood ! it 's not what you say , but rather what you do that matters - so if you want to go away , it 's time to start planning that future vacation ! but if you are merely frustrated it will serve you to examine your diet and exercise regimen . are you working out at least three times a week ? are you drinking more water than you ever thought possible ? these are realistic goals that will take you someplace new - inside yourself . $ you may feel playful and especially warm toward your partner , your children , or your friends today . expressing this energy to your loved ones is at the same time an opportunity to address yourself in the most loving way possible . if you have needs that you rarely express to those you love , take advantage of this time to get your own needs across in a playful or friendly way . invite those you love to notice the part of you that you most want them to see . $ one of the best ways to feel free of negative energy is to make an agreement with yourself to take a break from reading or listening to the news , even if it s just for a day . remember : there s a fine line between staying woke and never sleeping again . in order for your immune system to fight off illness it needs on average a solid eight hours of sleep a night . in order to be able to sleep your body needs to know that it doesn t have to be on high alert . those of us who are particularly empathic need to be especially careful when it comes to the media we consume : be it heart wrenching segments on the nightly news or ultra - violent movies before bedtime , you aren t doing your endocrine , nervous , and immune systems any favors by exposing it to over - stimulating , frightening content . $ you may feel extra emotional today and it is important to stick to some semblance of a routine so that the planetary energy do not overpower you . do anything you can to bolster your nervous and immune systems by choosing peaceful activities over highly stimulating ones . $ giving yourself the benefit of the doubt is critical if you are indeed seeking to change your health habits for the better . it 's hard to change old patterns ! it 's a day - by - day effort , and real change takes time . if you feel the one step forward to two steps back syndrome , lighten up a little bit and focus on the positive . when it comes to health , your basic attitude is what matters most . keep that in mind . $ you would do good to stay away from processed sugar ! you can be easily excited by what you ingest . sugar and preservatives are among the greatest triggers for you . the planetary alignment dominates the emotional territory at this time , and it may be best to stay a respectful distance from all that winds you up . on the other hand , what releases pent up energy is highly recommended during this transit . exercise , meditation , sleep - choose your source of relaxation ! $ you are known to many as a slow mover but actually you have a lot of energy inside you , which is why activities such as yoga and pilates are recommended . deep breathing is what makes yoga so beneficial , and many people do not even realize this ! make the most of whatever you do for exercise by breathing deeply as you do it . you will get twice as much out of it and feel reinvigorated without putting any extra stress on your body . $ today 's planetary alignment gives you the freedom to take your feelings seriously , without being tricked by the serious expectations you may put on yourself at other times of the month . what does expanding your horizons mean to you ? it might be time to find out - or , if you know what gives you a boost , go ahead and ask for it ! even something as humble as a walk on the beach with your dog ( or a friend , or a friend 's dog ! ) could be the answer to opening up to your true feelings . $ the wonderful quality of empathy that you represent is only as good as it feels to you . that is , if you are not able to give someone else what they want in a relationship , that is just fine . just be sure to communicate to others when you have reached your limit . this way you will avoid any unnecessary guilt . in the meantime , you would do well to focus on what you can do for yourself in terms of your physical health . $ the planetary alignment today gives you the intensity you sometimes lack . you may feel more easily aroused , more vital , more prone to outburst , just plain more of everything ! as you begin to express your feelings , be aware that a regular fitness schedule can help you manage this emotional state that is not your usual . enjoy this transit but try to avoid saying anything you might regret later by letting out some steam through regular exercise . $ there are times when you , who are typically emotional and internalized , can be outgoing and glamorous , and with today 's planetary alignment , you have the opportunity to shine ! you may experience a day or two of feeling you want to entertain and share your bubbly mood with those you love . why not spread good cheer with a bountiful feast made from organic produce that is grown locally ? prepare a meal with the intention to spread this feeling of wellbeing throughout your intimate community . $ your romantic nature may be easily aroused these days . the movement of the planets gives you a chance to separate your mind from your body to a certain degree , giving you greater sensation in your body than your sometimes - overwhelming emotions . to enhance this experience , be sure to get regular exercise and eat light but nourishing foods such as fresh salads or seasonal vegetables and fish . your sensitivities will tantalize you and probably someone else , too ! $ the aspect of the day will quite possibly find you brooding about how to get a head start . for one thing , you cannot go wrong by paying attention to your body . if your mind is feeling foggy , do not let it stop you from getting out into the fresh air for an invigorating walk every day . if your heart is feeling blue , do not let that stop you from reaching out to people who care about you and asking for some extra tlc ! $ today s astral configuration brings you a powerful dose of energy that you may use in any way you like . however , it must be said that unheeded , this kind of energy can be depressive . we recommend you use it in the following way : externally and within a given structure . get into a regular exercise regimen . start out with moderation so you are not discouraged . routine aerobic exercise will raise your level of energy in a stable way , preventing the downfall that comes with inconsistency . $ the predominant energy running through the planets these days gives you a subtle joy in your spirit . this lovely feeling can be enhanced through attending social and cultural events ( virtual if necessary ) with friends or loved ones . when you are in these situations , to look and feel your best try concentrating on your posture . the way you stand can have a great effect on how you feel and how others feel around you . posture effects how you breathe , and this is key . $ there is a planetary energy acting like fire and water when joined together , and it makes you feel charged . to picture this energy , imagine an olympic swimmer . think of the drive and force necessary to move through the pool . this kind of energy is somehow affecting you now . to stay calm and collected , it will benefit you to do some exercise that expands your lungs with air . and in doing so , you will realize that you can indeed achieve balance . $ the planetary alignment today makes you feel ever ready to take on the next phase of your personal development . spiritually , emotionally , physically - whatever development you are focused on right now , today 's aspect will help you take the lead . yoga is a practice that combines all of those areas into one and when practiced on a daily basis , yoga can help you make the most of this transit . you have about ten days left , so do not miss out ! prepare yourself with water intake before you practice . $ with the present astral configuration , you may already sense that something is afoot ! focus on staying in optimal health . try to eat at home more than you eat takeout . it 's a better way to stay healthy with food from restaurants you are probably eating more sauces and things ( bread ) that you would not eat when preparing meals at home . and , when you prepare your own food you are more aware of how your digestive system reacts to the substances you eat . $ today 's planetary alignment impels you to focus your intentions on something physical and real . one way to express this is to start taking your physical health seriously . are you still finding excuses rather than getting the regular exercise your body requires ? are you drinking enough water to stay hydrated all the time ? are you looking for healthy food when you go grocery shopping ? healthy habits can be formed during this transit . $ there is often more than meets the eye , even for a sensitive soul like you ! you could be seeing more than most but may not be focused on what 's right in front of you . the aspect of the day makes us all more aware of what has real value for the heart , and what is only a passing fancy . it 's important to center yourself during this time of spiritual expansion . your body , your health , and your relationships deserve your focused attention . $ your psychic nature will be alive this week as the current aspects light up the path to all our higher natures . you may feel a certain physical energy as well - a kind of boost that will not actually get you very far during a workout or on a run . keep your power centered on your diet and do not push yourself physically . your diet should include fish and sources of vitamin a ( spirulina , chlorella and other blue - green algae ) to keep your inner eye seeing straight ! $ today s planetary alignment makes this a week to assert your right to be you - particularly in your own head . give yourself permission to do what you really want to do . this will undoubtedly include something for your body - a massage , a virtual yoga class , a gourmet meal from a favorite takeout restaurant . whatever your self - expression , keep your body a part of it . feel your feelings with your body - give yourself permission to revel in it ! $ your dreams of a better world will seem crystal clear while the favorable planetary alignment lasts . balance your internal and external lives with robust exercise and you stand a better chance of achieving these dreams - beginning with your own life . be an example of what you want for the world . if it 's a healthy world you want , why not be the picture of health in your own world ? start by doubling your daily intake of water . $ you might sense all that is wrong with the world , but others might not be as aware as you are this week ! the planetary alignment today will surely cause some frustration , some feeling of inequality that is hard for you to reckon with . do not take this out on your friends . to keep your mood steady , make sure there is plenty of vitamins a and c in your diet . fresh fruits and vegetables keep our tempers mellow , and any excess energy is best taken care of by going to the gym , if possible . $ the planetary transit today is like having a boost of positive energy where it counts most : your own self - confidence . you can increase the effect of this month - long transit by grounding your physical self in healthy routines such as regular meals with no snacking in between , and exercise at least four times a week . you have a choice : get the most out of this transit ( and your entire year is likely to benefit ) or ignore it and wonder what might have been . $ get plenty of rest while this planetary alignment lasts . you will likely have active dreams and it is worthwhile to write them down and take note of what you find meaningful in them . your physical energy may feel low , but your mental energy is high : this is a time to continue exercising but perhaps in a more mellow way ( yoga ? ) . this is a time to let your mind have a long reach - expand your personal time to include meditative practices such as walking and reading . $ today 's planetary transit does not create the easiest of periods , and it just so happens that it influences you especially ! pay special attention to your inner critic . during this transit you are likely to put yourself under enormous pressure to get all the details right , and when you do not you may suffer the consequences . instead , take the bigger picture into consideration and pay attention most importantly to your health - physical and emotional health . make time to exercise . $ today 's aspect means you have got to look at yourself and separate what you need from what you think you need . what you need is plenty of rest , physical exercise and a healthy diet . what you think you need can often be detrimental and , like it or not , this aspect is going to show you why . to avoid any kind of harsh surprises , keep focused on what is truly healthy : diet and exercise . $ you are enjoying the celestial atmosphere during this period , and the planetary alignment turns up the heat quite a lot ! in fact , if you find yourself craving spicy foods it may be a sign that you have a lot of fiery energy inside waiting to come out ! get yourself down to the gym , if possible , or find another way to work out at least three times a week . drink plenty of water to balance out all that fire and to flush out toxins that will be released with exercise . $ today 's transit emphasizes your sharp , inventive mind . you will find countless ways of doing the same thing so that it do not get boring . you can make up stories for your kids at bedtime with no problem . you can entertain yourself while waiting in the doctor 's office . be careful not to get mired in the mental world , however . it 's important to stay committed to your exercise regimen to stay balanced and enjoy this transit . $ the planetary alignment today gives you a magical quality . it is subtle , so do not expect to be competing with harry potter , but you can internally feel a special energy if you meditate on this for a moment . there is magic in having a body - it allows us to feel the most incredible things . take note of these feelings and consider what you can do for your body that will enhance these thrilling feelings . $ today 's aspect emphasizes your dreamy nature . today is a good day for being creative , for communicating with friends , and giving yourself the time you need to understand what you are feeling about a particular subject . you do not always have to know the right answer , but it helps to know what you are feeling . taking care of yourself means eating the best produce available , drinking plenty of water and getting enough rest each night . exercise keeps you from becoming stagnant . $ today 's transit makes you prone to miscommunication . this is not to say you must keep your mouth closed , however you will benefit from thinking before you speak . exercise is a great way to slow down the mind while taking care of the body . a long run through open space can give you what you need to make yourself understood : clarity of mind , surety of purpose , and the best of intentions . drink lots of water to wash out those annoying toxins ! $ the celestial energy today is favorable , full of playfulness and vulnerability in the right relationships . you may not find you can express yourself in words , but today 's aspect allows you to show your feelings through gesture and movement , hugs and kisses . to feel this energy ever more deeply , be sure to follow your exercise regimen . do not skimp on the aerobic exercise ! sending oxygen to your muscles will make you feel warm and happy all over . $ today , stick to what you know is good for you . whether it 's yoga , running , resting , drinking more water , or being extra communicative in your relationships , it will help ease the sense of being pulled in several different directions at once . that which you know is unhelpful to you , whether it 's drinking , smoking , or using some false form of the pleasure principle to mask your real needs , is sure to ultimately backfire . take good care of yourself . $ you would do good to stay away from processed sugar ! you can be easily excited by what you ingest . sugar and preservatives are among the greatest triggers for you . the planetary alignment dominates the emotional territory at this time , and it may be best to stay a respectful distance from all that winds you up . on the other hand , what releases pent - up energy is highly recommended during this transit . exercise , meditation , sleep - choose your source of relaxation ! $ you are poised to move with your best foot forward . take stock of the progress you 've made in your diet or health regimen and plan your next step ! the time has come to begin a new phase . if you 've been indecisive about starting something , you now have the energy to take that first step . if you 've been trimming down or firming up , you are able to feel the positive effects . this is a day of strength , affirmation and confidence . $ you 're going to have plenty of energy tonight , and it 's apt to bring you a lot of pleasure . it 's a good night for doing something physical or sensual . this could be dancing or cooking a wonderful meal at home . take it for what it is worth - remember that the sensual is a world unto itself and do not necessarily need to have romantic connotations . use this energy to show your love directly and simply to those you care for . give and receive physical contact in a healthy , simple way . $ give yourself the time you need to get your work accomplished so that you can then devote the necessary time to your relationships . this is a day to take comfort in what you know is real and good in your life : friends , children , lovers and parents . contact a lost friend , offer to help your child with their homework , ask your partner for a little tenderness . whatever it is you can do to get the most out of your personal relationships is recommended for today . $ the good news is , you 're going to look your best today ! the glow on your face will come from a mysterious inner source , or at least that 's how others may perceive it . you may not exactly feel well balanced on the inside , but you certainly can enjoy being told you look great . go ahead and enhance it by styling your hair differently or spending a little extra time in the bathroom pulling yourself together . oh , and by the way , there is no bad news ! $ there 's a level of frustration in the air today that you 'll want to avoid . stay away from temptations ( such as processed sugar ) by keeping your mind on your responsibilities and goals - all that you have to look forward to . if you insist on having a battle of the wills today , have it with your desire to eat ice cream and not with someone you care about ! to be victorious means resisting the urge to do the little self - destructive things you will regret tomorrow . $ this is a period in which you will benefit from taking seriously all that is soft , feminine , and introspective . the astral energy is emphasizing understanding and yes , tlc . treat your body well and be sure to drink lots of water . also - instead of taking the easy route , it would behoove you to strengthen your commitment to help those in need . take care of yourself first , then spread the love around a little . $ powers of common sense triumph when you facilitate the release of your energies through exercise . all those surface emotions that occur when one is surprised , angered or confused need a regular outlet . find the spot where your stress level appears in your body and manage it naturally . if you suffer from migraines , you can use a wonderful herb called feverfew and brew a tea from it . if you have low tolerance for stress , increase the iron in your blood by consuming lentils . $ you 'll have your usual boundless energy today , along with some extra emotional awareness that may come as a pleasant surprise . to tap into this compassionate energy , be sure to drink plenty of water and stay away from processed foods , as they can disturb your mood . doing yoga or meditating would be wonderful gifts to give to yourself . listening to loud music where you can get up and dance would be a superb way to act out the combination of energies that are available to you . $ when the planets are in harmony you can expect to feel psychically in tune with what is most important to you . you can sense how important it is for you to exercise before you do anything else . when you get your excess energy out at the gym or in a challenging yoga session , for example , you are more likely to say what you mean and mean what you say when you are with your friends . pay attention to your inner wisdom . $ relieve your stress level today with some form of exercise that cheers you up . what you do for your body you also must do for your spirit . running with a friend or dancing to your favorite disco songs , something to pump up your heart rate as well as your sense of humor . the kind of energy we have comes largely from the activities we choose to participate in - choose something that makes you smile ! $ today 's astral energy leaves you feeling alive and open to new things . the best complement to these emotional energies is a diet that 's easy to process and stretching your body . light foods such as soups , salads and fish can be very satisfying for the entire body . remember to eat slowly to allow for the maximum benefit of a meal . exercise in the morning is recommended . drink plenty of water , preferably at room temperature . $ saying what you mean is going to seem much easier today . your emotions may bubble up when you least expect it , and you may even send a stinging word out of your mouth without realizing it . the wise will take extra care to burn off energy in the body with exercise and will be mindful of getting proper rest . when the body is conditioned , the mind follows a more predictable path , and relating to others becomes more harmonious . $ it could feel challenging to express yourself spontaneously today . with the current celestial atmosphere , you 're probably not going to get your way no matter how hard you try . in fact , trying hard is futile in this sort of configuration . it 's best to just take the easy route . stick to your usual routine and wait this one out . it 's important to get a little exercise so the frustrated energy gets released as quickly as it appears . $ the day 's astral energy emphasizes your changeable nature . the key here is to keep your balance as you accept all the challenges that life presents and succeed . you know that your sensitive nature needs to be taken care of especially well in times of stress . do what you love best . take some time out , lie back , listen to the music you love and let your imagination take you places . $ giving in to that which makes your power grow is a good idea . this certainly involves movement of some kind . any kind of exercise that gets your heart rate up while stretching your limbs is recommended : running , bikram yoga , ashtanga yoga , pilates , etc . competitive sports are not recommended today , as your energy might be affected adversely by the win - lose dynamic . take your time before you speak ; you will be able to have a way with words if you know exactly what you want . $ today 's pleasant aspect concerns all things romantic . you will be especially able to use your intuitive powers to sense the right time to make your feelings known , and your body in a way that feels pleasing to you and to others . this could be your facial expressions , physical affection , or perhaps giving those who need it their space . to enhance this harmonious aspect , treat yourself to something that relaxes both body and mind : a massage , a sauna or a walk in the woods . $ your patience level could be low today . honor your impatience with appropriate measures . give yourself extra time to get to your appointments , and do not set yourself up for frustrating situations . when it comes to eating , choose what you put into your body carefully . be sure you like what you order or prepare ; otherwise , you will not be relaxed and truly fulfilled by your meal . on another note - it is best to hold your tongue if a dispute threatens to arise with a lover or friend . $ the feeling that you can accomplish all that you set out to do is strong today . make a point of centering yourself . whether this is with a yoga session or a walk with the dog , it will be the apex of your day . with focus , you can channel your energy into the higher power that it truly is . you will relish feeling passionate about those you love , and for causes you champion . give yourself the benefit of drinking lots of water : the time and effort it takes can center you . $ your ideals will feel especially sensitive to you today . you may sympathize with others more than you normally do but be careful that you do not get caught up in the role of champion for others . that is a noble sentiment , but you need to stay focused on yourself right now , and this will take some committed effort . if possible , go for a run with a friend and discuss issues that concern you . the increased oxygen intake will settle your mind . $ if you followed yesterday 's advice , you would perhaps feel the benefit of maintaining your personal energy within yourself - not giving it out to other people or situations . building further on this , try staying focused on your breath today . exercise , and eat your meals slowly and deliberately so that your breath remains the priority in all that you do . the rhythm of your breathing is the guiding pulse to maintaining positive energy . doing what 's right for yourself is not always easy . stay focused . $ remember it 's not the situation that matters , it 's how you handle it . continue to breathe consciously , focusing on your breath when you exercise and when you go to sleep as a way of heightening awareness . what you eat is important , but how you put food into your mouth is more important , today . first , make sure the food is appetizing to your body and mind . next , arrange the food in a pleasing manner before beginning to eat . center yourself . eat slowly and enjoy . $ if you run into difficulty today , it will benefit you to take a break and give yourself some quiet , private time to cool down before taking action . there is a strong tendency to act irrationally . give others the benefit of the doubt . remember the phrase : i 'll have to think about this and get back to you . these words can help when your emotions are too hot to allow you to think on the spot . drinking hot beverages will help cool your interior pathways . $ the planetary configuration that is forming today will strengthen your psychic abilities . there is wisdom in cultivating these abilities , and that often means not acting on them right away . to help with the cultivation process , bring yourself into a centered place and make room inside yourself to house your intuitive energies . getting a yoga workout in is highly recommended , although be careful in choosing which positions to focus on . it needs to be about your own focus and concentration . $ your powers of communication continue to be strong . today 's physical focus should be on your feet ! yes - wherever you plant your feet indicates the direction in which you will head . the aspect at play asks you to be determined , and to follow through on what you say . it 's a great day to pick up an exercise routine you 've been talking about , and likewise to really think about the expression you are what you eat . $ there is daring in the air , and you are one to pick up on that sort of thing . you may feel flirtatious , or gullible , or even a bit arrogant today . it 's probably best to conserve some of that daring energy , since you 'll likely be sensitive and easily offended . try to challenge yourself rather than looking for other , outside challenges . run an extra mile , take on a new yoga position or try to squeeze your exercise into a busy schedule . you could also try out one of the martial arts techniques through virtual classes or workshops . $ today is likely the day you will be tempted to stray from your healthy diet or skip the exercise that is so vital to your well - being ! there is an escapist yearning in the air , causing behavior to become associated with food and laziness . if you 're going to sit home and watch a movie tonight , try to make small concessions : soy - based ice cream , popcorn with yeast flavoring instead of butter , fresh lemonade instead of soda pop ! $ when you feel lost , and like you do not know what you want , stick to your routine . with the proper care of your body ( good , fresh food , plenty of water and exercise ) , the subconscious will eventually reveal itself . create a nurturing and predictable pattern for yourself today . breathe consciously . a basic hatha yoga workout would help quiet your mind . whatever message is hidden inside of you will come out as long as you prepare yourself to receive . let go and embrace the step of not knowing . $ today you may feel a shift in your ability to center yourself and practice a healthful routine . the celestial energies increase your ability to sense your emotions , however , you may be left with feelings of ambivalence . you tend to drop a practice when you do not get an answer quickly , but this would be foolish right now ! if you did yoga yesterday , great ! do it again today . if today is your first workout in a while , just doing it will help a lot . $ today provides a wonderful transit for you . you will be able to notice what you are ready to get rid of - certain behavior patterns , old food in the cupboards , and old clothes in the closet . even some relationships may reveal themselves to be unhealthy and outgrown . you can gain a lot by giving up the old and outdated . take stock of your life - get rid of what do not work for you and create room for all that is new . $ if you find balancing many possibilities an exhausting and pointless exercise , consider changing your point of view and focusing that energy to your benefit . try alternating as many different outlets as you can in your workout routine : swim one day , run another , and do some challenging yoga in between to stretch and strengthen your muscles . or try martial arts to keep yourself alert and fit . remember to drink plenty of water in order to secure your inner source of productivity . $ today 's planetary alignment gives you the freedom to take your feelings seriously , without being tricked by the serious expectations you may put on yourself at other times of the month . what does expanding your horizons mean to you ? it might be time to find out - or , if you know what gives you a boost , go ahead and ask for it ! even something as humble as a walk on the beach with your dog ( or a friend , if possible , or a friend 's dog ! ) could be the answer to opening up to your true feelings . $ today 's energy is all about knowing what you need in your life in terms of structure , and then abiding by this in the most original and true - to - form manner possible . for instance , if you love ice cream and yet hate what it does to your body , it is paramount that you develop a love or some other less troubling substitute . if you do not take the initiative , something else will : your cholesterol level , for example ! $ given the many options you have in life , the sensation of being overwhelmed can become the norm . today 's aspect gives some respite , allowing you to communicate in the way you would like to . this includes how you speak to yourself inside your head . with all of the healthy - living emphasis on diet and exercise , it is easy to forget that the most nurturing part of ourselves is really in our mind . how you treat yourself mentally is more important than low - fat anything . think about it ! $ speaking your truth is the beauty of life and relationships , otherwise all beauty is hollow , and life becomes merely a charade . if you feel the tug of certain buried truths , it is wise to welcome them forth with the dedication to making yourself whole . if you feel you need more sleep in order to gear up for the changes you sense afoot , have the courage to say no to an unhealthy meal , and get to bed as early as you see fit . no excuses necessary ! $ giving yourself room to do what is right for you may bring up issues of fitting in with the group . sometimes what is right changes , and you must break with the past . resistance to change comes from fear that a particular love source will disappear as soon as we shift . grounding yourself in your own reality through physical exercise is a powerful way to practice meditation without doing anything much out of the ordinary . remind yourself that self - love is what we need most . $ the planets are giving you lots of fresh energy to play with ! the energy is fanciful and light , yet significant . this is not a time to enjoy the silly things in life and forget the rest , but rather to expand your horizons and invite the new into your life . give up the habits that have kept you in stuck positions . change does not have to be intense and traumatic - but it does take work . drink red clover tea to help your blood break down those stuck places . $ this is a good time for encouraging different aspects of your inner self to come out of hiding , in order to help shift your habits to fit your true needs . breaking down the old and welcoming the new is favored , and therefore developing the skills of careful aim and diligent follow through . be vigilant in your healthy choices ( choose to drink copious amounts of water ! ) and be even more vigilant in opening yourself up to learn what is inside . $ you have been on a journey of process , it seems , and you may be craving something that you can sink your teeth into . whatever you are craving , your internal organs are most likely craving as well . give them something they can really gnaw on , such as : kale , chard , fennel , and chicory . leafy green salads and roots vegetables can make a big difference in your outlook on life , believe it or not . take a night off from working out and plan some meals that include these ingredients . $ today 's planetary alignment gives you the ability to weigh both sides of an issue and decide which conclusion to draw . the planetary energies working together are reminiscent of the effects of the combos : diet and exercise , rest and action , time alone and time shared with others whenever possible . in each coupling , there is the preparation aspect and the realization aspect . bringing this kind of balance into your life takes commitment - it does not happen by chance . meditate ( whatever that means to you ) , and focus . $ there is a lot of unconscious material being stimulated right now , and you typically are not fond of this sort of thing . the manner in which you handle the unconscious is up to you . pick an area in your life - such as diet , for example , and decide to aggressively improve it . through the introduction of new nutritious substances ( tofu , root vegetables , spices ) and learning how to prepare them , your hidden feeling will be encouraged to risk making themselves known to you . $ some resistance always arises whenever change is introduced . a river 's path is not altered without a few battles between substances ! this is a natural process : let the part of you that does not want to change a habit or the part of you that do not want to open up and be exposed have its say , full and complete . then ask yourself : who is boss ? some decision must be made in order for any process to be worthwhile . walking is a good exercise to do while thinking this over . $ you can organize your life to fit your needs , the options are there for the taking . if ever the planets were encouraging you realize that you are in the driver 's seat , it is now . to bring the challenge down to a more tangible level , try challenging yourself to a more demanding physical routine . this could mean anything from starting to exercise for the first time in your life to deciding this is the year you will run a marathon . either way , you are taking control . $ today 's planetary alignment is there to encourage you in your pursuit of truth . this is like the hollywood starlet carrying out the director 's wishes with perfection and grace , creating something sublime . in other words , act out your fantasies ! remember that in order to do this successfully , you must plan . a great thing to plan is the meals you will eat in a week . plan all of them ( or up to 5 days worth ) at the start of each week . you will reap enormous benefits : physically , emotionally and financially . $ today 's energy can make us feel lonely and depressed . fear that we will not be able to accomplish what we need to accomplish grows when we are isolated . if you are in a financial position to hire a personal trainer - even for a short time - you may benefit from the experience of sharing the burden of getting into better shape , if that s possible . it is through continuing to relate to others that we make it through the tunnel and come out on the other side , where the view is magnificent . trust me ! $ on the one hand , you see many of your strengths and feel pretty good about yourself . on the other hand , you feel the one nagging thing you have not been able to quite work out dragging you down . if you continue to compare yourself to others , you will create a real problem for yourself . if you use the positive to confront the negative within yourself , you stand a chance of a real breakthrough . try to keep yourself centered through some aerobic exercise to keep the fresh blood flowing . $ today 's planetary transit makes you highly sensitive to the needs of others . you would like to see those around you feeling good . truly the most effective way of expressing this desire is to feel good yourself . perhaps on your run today you will feel like acknowledging other runners - connecting in that way that only people with sweat pouring down their faces can ! or you may want to attend a virtual yoga class where you can experience the group high of many people treating their bodies well . $ your body 's voice is apt to be silent at times . so , you will need to adhere to a regimen that does not fluctuate with every new idea that comes to your mind . when you need to motivate yourself , think of your health as a job . the successful candidate will exercise aerobically three times a week , take care to eat three balanced meals a day with only fresh fruits or vegetables for snacks between meals , and drink inordinate amounts of water throughout the day . this approach may help you stay focused when your mind is in a cloudy state . $ today 's aspects create useful energy . use this energy to get what you need and like it ! it can be physical , emotional or quite possibly sexual - and you will derive satisfaction from knowing that you are your sole soul provider ! this aspect is all about satisfaction and knowing you are in control . acknowledging the energy will cause it to grow within you , so i strongly suggest getting out there and exercising with gusto : running , walking , hiking , biking , etc . $ the sensitivity you have around issues concerning your health is rooted in your very nature . it is a nature rooted in action and receptivity . when your health is in question you tend to become depressed . therefore , take the matters of exercise , rest , and a nutritious diet seriously - make them priorities no matter where you are or what you are doing . your sensitive nature depends on nurturing and constant attention . $ too much activity will take a toll on your body . you need to pay special attention to how much relaxation time you give yourself . if you exercise during the morning , make sure you get to bed early enough at night . do not spread yourself thin or your immune system might be put in jeopardy . to encourage you to relax , get in the habit of drinking herbal tea which is also a nice excuse to sit still for half an hour ! $ today 's planetary movement gives you more conviction than you know how to deal with . get used to bold feelings and confusion . people might tell you that you 're self - centered when you 're feeling kind . you might not know exactly how to love yourself . give yourself some space by letting the little things count . wash your toes when you take a shower . get a haircut , if possible . do not bite your nails . exercise when you feel stressed or anxious . focus on yourself in a positive way . $ feeling a little blocked lately ( emotionally or physically ) ? this might have something to do with a tense period you 're going through , where things tend to get a little bottlenecked . keep all channels open with plenty of water and fresh vegetables and at least a few virtual yoga classes or whatever exercise releases your tension the best . try to do this whenever you are subjected to a lot of stress , rather than putting it off until afterwards . you will be much happier ! $ with so much physical energy at your disposal , it 's a wonder that you are not a professional athlete or dancer ! you must have realized by now that you are one vital individual . today you might seriously consider the ramifications of this and decide it 's time to implement some health habits into your life that will bring that energy to a constructive level . regular exercise and a balanced diet may not be enough ! meditation could do you good , or maybe the martial arts ? $ it 's never too late to begin your health regimen . whatever you find yourself doing in the present moment can be shifted in a healthier direction . if you 're about to have a meal , think about the most nutritious thing you could enjoy , and make that your priority . if you 're about to go home , ask yourself what kind of exercise you can fit in between now and bedtime , and make it happen ! with practice , the healthy habits will come naturally . $ give yourself the benefit of looking good . that 's right : pay attention to how you look . this is not as superficial as it sounds . making yourself look good is an effort to notice what you like about yourself and what you feel are your strongest characteristics . noticing this is the first step toward acting on what you want to improve . whether it 's a haircut or some exercise , you will accept what you need to do more readily in the context of looking good . $ learn all you can about maintaining optimal health . food choices and exercise are of course daily concerns , but it would also pay to develop a knowledge base about the functioning of your internal organs . do you know much about your colon and how to keep it healthy ? do you know how to take care of your kidneys with proper hydration ? there is abundant information on the web - take advantage and start feeling even better than you do at your best ! $ with today 's planetary movements , it 's time to look at your what foods you ve been eating regularly and how it 's affecting your emotions . practice taking a good look at how you are feeling when you get ready for bed and when you get ready for work in the morning . do you feel strong and flexible , calm , and relaxed ? food has a tremendous impact on how we process our emotions , both what we eat and how we eat it . start paying closer attention , it may be time to re - examine some of your habits like eating while taking in a particularly upsetting news segment , or eating at your desk because you don t feel you can afford the time it takes to take a proper lunch break . $ give yourself the room you need to have a good , healthy week . this involves planning ahead . have an idea of what sort of workout you are going to enjoy each day , plan at least three meals that you prepare at home ( with leftovers for lunch the next day ! ) , and give yourself a general hour by which to be ready for bed . this kind of planning will stand you in good stead as you try to settle your body 's energy during hectic times . $ it 's time for you to start thinking about what your goals are health - wise . there is no way to hit the target if you are a jumble of thoughts inside . make sure you have the rest you need to allow you to think clearly with a rested mind . if you have access to these foods and can tolerate them , consider adding beets ( don t forget that beet greens are delicious sautéed with a bit of garlic , lemon , and olive oil ) , tomatoes , and dark green vegetables in your meals to help cleanse your liver . most of all focus on developing a habit of mild exercise that you can do nearly every day . your mind could use a break from running itself in circles , and one of the easiest ways to do this is to engage in physical activities that ground you into your body . $ sagittarius is always ready to try something ( or someone ) new . you find it easier to say yes than no . you are responsible for what you bring into your life and consequences are very real . likewise , we are responsible to our bodies . what we eat is going to stick with us . you will feel what you let into your body for much longer than the time it takes to ingest it . pay special attention to this process and learn the benefits of saying no . $ you may have the best of intentions but not enough follow through in your exercise regimen . one way to take the burden off yourself is to join a group that exercises regularly - a virtual team or a class of some sort . this will keep you on track in spite of your mood . you can also enlist the help of a physical trainer , though this is the more expensive option . do not let a little planetary configuration get in the way of your best foot forward ! $ today 's transit is a lovely one for the sensually oriented . your body is your temple , and it 's a great couple of days for worship ! try to prepare your food as though you were a religious monk celebrating the deity of pleasure : fresh fruits ( organic taste better ) , whole grains , and your favorite flavors . your body is a sacred ornament : polish it within and without with exercise ( yoga massages your internal organs ) and exfoliating baths ( oats and chopped pear is a great mixture to bring into the water and rub onto your skin ) . $ giving in to what you feel like doing every minute of the day can be a wonderful fantasy but not a very healthy practice ! having a body is a bit like having a job , and you can make this either the best or the most challenging job you ever have ! a regular , well thought - out program is recommended for a positive working relationship with your body . begin to notice whether you give your body a real vote in the daily decisions you make about your health . $ not every day is meant to be earth shattering . you may find yourself wanting some fizzy feeling that just is not there right now . breathe deeply , relax and consider the ebb and flow of it all . do something good for your health in preparation for the exciting times to come ! drink water , plan your meals ahead of time , get out there are do a little exercise . do not despair - the good times are just around the corner ! $ the planetary position today prompts you to center your mind through physical activity . yoga , stretching and running are all activities that require concentrated breathing , and this is recommended now . balance is everything . breathe in and breathe out . if your body is not on a regular schedule your mind will find it more challenging to handle decision - making and emotional communication . concentrate on eating at regular times and getting exercise at least three times a week . $ with today 's planetary position you are bound to feel some tension around getting what you want . you can try to ignore it , but in the end your frustration will only rise up with very little control . taking control is recommended - in your diet , your exercise regimen and your daily schedule . getting the rest you need determines your approach to daily life , so why not control your bedtime and wake up on the right side of the bed tomorrow ? $ today 's celestial configuration gives you more energy than you know what to do with . internally you may feel confused or frustrated , while externally you may seem radiant and glowing . do not let what others do or say influence your choices when it comes to your health . follow your own internal measure regarding what you eat and how much , if any , alcohol you take in . there is no one else but you who knows exactly what it 's like to be in your body . $ today 's aspects keep you feeling vulnerable for a little while . this vulnerability translates into a need to physically act out what you are feeling inside . there will be days when a challenging run or a boxing workout will release your energy in a positive way . other days yoga and a long hot bath will help you find inner balance . either way , you are paying attention to your body and that is important . $ the planetary alignment of the day creates an energy that gives you a chance to express your wildest dreams . what does this mean for your health ? perhaps it 's a moment when you will be able to envision what diet is right for your body . we can go an entire lifetime ignoring what our bodies truly need . only your inner voice can direct you to what is truly healthy for you . listen to your body for clues and heed the messages . $ today 's celestial atmosphere awakens your fiery nature , and you will want to find yourself in the gym or running on the trail to make the most of it ! the planetary configuration also says to keep variety in your life through alternating the kinds of physical activity you partake in . make the most of the high energy and take care not to let it run amuck by internalizing it and letting it mess with your emotional core . $ you will probably be frustrated by all the misfiring that goes on due to the celestial atmosphere prevailing today . this is a perfect opportunity to learn about yourself and how you respond to frustration . one thing to notice is how the food you eat supports you or sabotages you under circumstances of frustration . try to reduce your sugar intake and increase your intake of raw fruits and vegetables . meanwhile , drink plenty of water . with a healthy diet , what once frustrated you could become merely amusing . $ with the celestial atmosphere today , you are faced with balancing your emotional life to make things work in other areas of your life . the first thing you need to do is relax . breathe in deeply and let yourself feel the healing energy inherent in purposeful breathing . then look to see what is potentially threatening your overall sense of wellbeing . just taking the time to notice your feelings will often allow balance to settle over you . $ there is beauty in the air , and it 's going to make you feel good to notice it . take the time to notice the little things that are truly beautiful in your life . if you are watching your diet and making sure to consume only locally grown organic produce you can see the beauty in the simple nutrition you get from this food , for instance . what 's more , if you are preparing the food you eat for yourself and others , there is beauty in this communion . $ you need to be complimented on your energy ! much is made of the explosiveness your sign is associated with , but you are not often enough praised for the quality of initiation it brings , and which our planet could not survive without . you have the capacity to spark acts of initiation in others , and if approached with the right intention this can in affect change the world . the alignment at play today gives you a wonderful context in which to act for the greater good . $ the next six months will be greatly affected by the current planetary alignment . what you initiate now will determine who and what your life is about in the weeks to come - but not to worry ! it 's simply a matter of paying attention to what matters and not ignoring what is truly important . you just need to focus on your favorite priorities , such as health , job and good relationships with others , right ? $ the innovative energy of today 's aspect makes you feel optimistic about the future in many ways . you may be ahead of your time , however . concentrate on the here and now . give yourself the best possible present by tending to your physical needs . this means plenty of fresh drinking water , lots of good rest and lots of organic foods for your body . exercise keeps you full of positive energy that gets you where you want to go . $ the planets ' positions bring you back to what you were curious about a couple months back . it may have to do with a person you are intrigued by . whatever your heart feels , keep your body in tune by regular exercise and drinking plenty of water . you cannot follow your heart if your body is not ready to move ! rest will help balance your digestive and excretory systems , and that in turn will keep your energy pure for when you need it most ! $ the planetary alignment today has you feeling , if not your best , then at least very vivid this week ! there is some contentment to be had in knowing that you are a vibrant and emotional soul . to keep yourself healthy both physically and emotionally , do not skimp on the physical exercise this week . make it a priority to get some exercise that reinvigorates you , whether that 's walking , running , lifting weights or even gardening . whatever keeps your blood flowing is your highest priority . $ today there are positive aspects beginning for you - supporting you in your endeavors . this may alleviate the haunting sense that you are all alone . many people will be brought to greater sensitivity ( and necessary self - questioning ) by this transit , and the result of this is that you will feel more like part of the gang around other people than you normally do . to accentuate this feeling of strength and self - confidence , you are encouraged to go to the gym , if possible , and build your upper - body strength . $ today 's aspect gives you a feeling of unrest - psychologically more than physically . in fact , if you use exercise to beat back the sense of malaise that this transit can cause , you will be the better for it . the celestial configuration brings about self - interest and insensitivity in people - two qualities that rub you the wrong way . for your own sake , focus on yourself and treat your body the way you would like the earth to be treated - kindly , gently , and with respect . $ today 's planetary alignment means you will have the occasional logistical mess to contend with . no one is more forgiving than you when it comes to human error , so be sure to turn some of that compassion towards yourself when you become frustrated ! to ward off any mounting frustration , consider working out more rather than less often . use the stress to stay aware of what you need . do not look away because that is when disaster strikes ! $ with today 's aspect comes a time to consider practical matters surrounding your ability to relate to people . if you are frustrated in areas of your life that do not involve relationships , then you are bound to bring that frustration into these relationships . in other words , concentrate on your body and wellbeing . give yourself the benefit of a healthy diet and plenty of rest . this will support you in other areas of your life . $ the atmosphere of the day is like having a very fast car to take you where you would like to go . where would you like to go ? while you 're deciding , make yourself into the best vehicle you can be for your spirit . healthy foods , plenty of rest , lots of water , and regular exercise are your ticket to a clear advantage . emotions will always be something for you to manage in your own time but stick to a plan when it comes to exercise . $ the best kind of exercise is exercise you enjoy . you may not feel like doing the same thing every day , but it is sometimes easier to follow a routine . just make sure that what you do is appealing enough so that you do not skip your workout . you are prone to emotional intensity and you cannot let that determine whether or not you get to the gym ! maybe there is a friend who could work out with you , to add to the enjoyment . $ the aspect of the day creates a kind of harmony that gives you a peaceful feeling today . you may find others who feel the same way and by all means acknowledge it and encourage it . also , take a moment to check in with your body and notice where this feeling is coming from , where it is registered . that is a very special place in your body , and you may want to find some way of honoring it . applying a hot compress with fresh sage leaves would be lovely . $ there may be some conflict today between what you are willing to do for someone else and what you are willing to do for yourself . or the conflict could be at work and concern not only you but some office mates as well . whenever conflict rears its head there is opportunity for learning . to learn from conflict , we need to step back and get some perspective on it . deep breathing helps very much in this regard . keep aware of your breath and all will be well . $ today 's energy gives you some help in terms of expressing what you feel ; however , stay especially tuned in to the origin of your emotions . you may confuse yourself emotionally and transfer the frustrations of one relationship onto another . these are things that happen and can be acknowledged , but you may just as well want to spend some time by yourself these days . exercise is a great way to take some time for yourself while still feeling you 're a part of the world ! $ today 's aspect gives you a chance to express your playfulness with others . enjoy this transit by increasing the amount of exercise you do - remember that increased energy comes from increased exercise . this transit can also have long lasting effects on your close relationships . show people the warm and playful side of yourself , show your affection and open up to receiving affection from others . drink plenty of water to keep you present and able to feel your fullest . $ today you may feel like expressing yourself in the strongest and clearest way you know how but be careful ! when has this ever truly worked for you ? you sometimes confuse clear with aggressive and truth with opinion . you can risk scaring someone away this way . it 's important to learn to blend your perceptions with the understanding that everyone 's reality is personal . it may help you to see your own feelings as temporary and in flux . $ sagittarius is always ready to try something ( or someone ) new . you find it easier to say yes than no . you are responsible for what you bring into your life and consequences are very real . likewise , we are responsible to our bodies . what we eat is going to stick with us . you will feel what you let into your body for much longer than the time it takes to ingest it . pay special attention to this process and learn the benefits of saying no . $ you 're not as helpless as you think ! regardless of what you think cannot be undone - somewhere inside is the emotional courage it takes to change the direction of things . if it 's been a while since your last day of exercise , just do a little today : walk as much as you can , including walking to an appointment or grocery shopping instead of using a car or bus . remember every journey starts with a first step ! take some big , deep breaths and grant yourself the courage to take it . $ this is a good day for you in your close relationships . the energy is there to feel all the security you need , while at the same time acknowledging the reality that those closest to you may need a little space . whatever you can do to help this kind of experience along is recommended : have flowers delivered , take a deep breath when you do not have the words to express yourself , and wait to see what the other person has to say . this in itself can make you feel relaxed and well . $ it 's not going to be an easy day for you , especially if you skipped breakfast ! some protein with your next meal is recommended . you should give yourself the luxury of feeling grounded today , above all else . accomplishing this is different for everybody , but it 's safe to say that you would be better off having a home - cooked dinner than getting takeout , better off walking than traveling by car , and better off sleeping in your own bed than someone else 's - though that do not necessarily mean sleeping alone ! $ things may not be exactly as you want them today , but they are actually pretty good when you really think about it . it 's important to try to get a little perspective on things . cut yourself some slack about your appearance , for one thing . you have a lot of baggage ( we all do ) when it comes to your appearance , and you must remember that the most important things in life are on the inside of your body . with that in mind , give your inner organs the benefit of some aerobic exercise . $ you could be feeling social today , a positive shift from those days of contrariness you 've been experiencing . make sure that what you invite into your life is really what you want to keep . there is still the tendency to be extra - sensitive , and big surprises are waiting around certain corners . proceed with caution ! any unpredictability can be toned down by increasing your intake of iodine - rich foods : kelp and cucumber among them . maybe tonight is the night to indulge in your favorite sushi ! $ your desire to go astray is strong . you may feel drawn to the exact opposite of what you know is good for you . there is no judgment here , but a little awareness may help you over the next few weeks - a little bit of balance can go a long way . therefore , try to stay collected and calm , regardless of how hectic and confusing the day may be . if you want an ice cream cone , it would be better to jog to the store instead of taking the car ! $ today  's astral energy enhances your natural sense of being grounded . the neck , throat and thyroid gland are special areas of the body that you need to take especially good care of . the thyroid governs our weight and physical mass . the regular exercise you do will assist the thyroid in protecting your body against irregular weight gain or loss . pay special attention to your neck if you sit at a computer . be sure to stretch those muscles during the day . $ you can feel like the world 's most sensual person at times , and the planets support this kind of feeling . let your emotions guide you in creating a wholly nurturing environment around yourself . give yourself the right foods to feel your best and respect your body 's need for physical exercise and adequate rest . if you tend to look after other people 's needs , use today to identify the things that you so often go without . then fulfill your own needs first . $ today you can feel in tune with your most important emotions . you might attempt to focus your energy on creating affection instead of simply unleashing it . you need plenty of affection in your life in order to feel your best . when words fail , try to give yourself the opportunity to express your needs through affecting others in a positive light . you have a special connection to the economy . giving your time or money to a needy cause helps you feel pleasantly connected with the world . $ you will feel sympathetic to the underdog today . you may also feel so sensitive that you get your feelings hurt through some kind of misunderstanding . bolster your defense mechanisms with protective measures . sign up for an online self - defense class . look into the martial arts as a new form of exercise to integrate into your repertoire . give yourself the benefit of drinking plenty of water and substituting herbal tea for coffee every so often . echinacea and chamomile are recommended . $ balancing the need for emotional security with the drive for independence is an essential part of your life path . this process can be mirrored in how you approach exercise . the security of a daily routine is beneficial and reliable . the drive to do whatever you want , whenever you want can sometimes lead to a gap in progress . if you cannot make exercise happen some days , balance that out with lots of water and no coffee . $ the words you use today could have great impact . be honest and clear within yourself before you try to communicate . clear your mind by meditation or yoga , running , or spending some time organizing a messy desk . if you feel someone does not understand you , be the first to apologize for any miscommunication . you may feel that someone appears to misunderstand you on purpose ! keep your cool and just restate your feelings . try to navigate yourself so you avoid conflict today . $ when someone as talented as you are gets stuck behind a desk , it 's a crying shame . if you feel the creative artist inside kicking to be let out of the closet , open the door ! by all means this world needs another picasso , another simone de beauvoir . why not investigate the offers at the local college and see if a future online class in your preferred field would fit your schedule ? if you get pleasure from arranging flowers at home , then it 's time to put flowers in the family budget ! $ the current planetary aspect may have you feeling that there is no way to approach feelings without there being any trouble . you may experience other people 's feelings as obstacles , or somehow too much to deal with . your own feelings may seem out of reach or overwhelming . try to take some quiet time to center yourself and find your emotional core . any element 's hold on you is stronger when you are unaware of it , so try to pay attention to what you are feeling by getting some kind of exercise . $ when you set your mind to something , it is highly probable that you will succeed in what you set out to do . with today 's astral configuration , this is especially true if the something you have set your sights on is a virtuous goal . consider the goals you have set for yourself that involve your health . whether it 's diet , rest , or exercise , you will be supported by this aspect to fulfill and renew your commitment . $ the current planetary configuration recalls goals you set in the distant past . whatever you want to achieve in terms of your well - being is going to be more apparent to you . now you can access what your true wishes are : do you want to have more strength ? do you wish to sleep better ? do you want to be more energized but consume less caffeine ? whatever your desires are , get clear about them today in order to have a better chance of acting on them . $ once you have set your own health goals , you will inevitably compare your health habits to other people 's . this is natural in the beginning and can be either encouraging or discouraging . the goal is really to focus on yourself , and refrain from comparison or judgment . just take yourself and your goals seriously ! if it helps , write down your intentions for the day and check them off at night . reward yourself for healthy behavior - perhaps with a nice bubble bath ! $ when creating your healthy lifestyle , it 's important to set specific goals within a specific timeframe . be careful , however , not to over - estimate your goals or to expect immediate results . focus instead on taking some action each day , no matter how small . once you 've got this going , you will be able to shift the focus to what else is important to you . you may need more in your life to balance your personal health goals . is there a volunteer organization that appeals to you ? $ give yourself plenty of room today . your need for independence is high , as is your need to concentrate on yourself . you may worry about what others think of your behavior , but the truth is they have their own behavior to worry about . take action for your health today - that is how you will get your space , your concentration , and feel like you are making progress . remember , there is no step too small . choose to have choice in what you eat : organic is worth it ! $ there is a skip in your step today ! you have felt the struggle of the last few days , and it is a relief to relax and reflect on what you learned . you have brought the life of the body into focus , and you may want to open up to something new as a complement . aromatherapy is an ancient and subtle practice . many alternative markets carry aromatherapy materials . the essences of nasturtium , iris , and tansy can help you break through fixed attitudes and behavior patterns . $ if you can connect with the subtle process of growth , you will be able to get a lot out of each season . begin letting go of old , unnecessary behavior patterns and feel the gentle shifting inward , which is where you will find the next step . letting go is not an easy task , so it is important to keep your mind open to the new . you are only giving up in order to get something else , something hopefully healthier and happier for you ! $ if you are staying grounded and have been making headway in the choice of food you eat and your daily exercise practice , today may come and go with no great strain . if , on the other hand , you have been ignoring your body 's more subtle messages , you may receive a wakeup call . attention is required in order to live the healthiest way possible . address your body 's wishes as much as you possibly can . if you do not hear your body 's messages , you need to take the time to tune in . $ you may feel some extra energy today . the astral alignment is making us all more acutely aware of our needs ; there is an urgency to things emotional and a tendency to be overwhelmed . quiet your mind in order to find the perspective you need . it 's a good idea to make a plan for how the day and evening will go , and then stick to it . make yourself as comfortable as possible : pile on extra blankets and lots of fluffy pillows ! $ even though you may not feel like compromising today , it may be pretty hard to avoid ! instead of trying to do everything and as a result getting into a rut , keep your priorities at the top of your list throughout the day . remember that you are of little use to others if your own needs have gone unmet . what do you really need to accomplish ? your health needs should be among your highest priorities : good fresh food that you eat slowly is a must ! $ there is so much that you can do to enhance your day - to - day living experience ! fresh flowers in a blue and yellow color scheme can lift the spirits . a clean desk or a made bed makes you rest easier . equally important is the proper and diligent tending to your body . is your bathroom equipped with some great smelling shampoo or hand soap ? these small amenities can give you a sense of well - being when other parts of life are hectic . $ today you may feel a desire to satisfy your deepest urges . try to plan ahead : shop for dinner early and know what you want to prepare . make yourself healthy renditions of your favorite comfort foods you loved as a child . give into the urge to rest and nurture yourself , but in a healthy and conscious way . if it s possible to have others eating dinner with you , ask them to take a walk with you afterward . enjoy yourself and be enjoyed ! $ whatever you gave yourself yesterday in terms of food and exercise may not be appropriate for today . try to vary your behavior and still be conscious of the needs of the body . consider forms of exercise that you have never participated in : consider why this is - are there body issues that keep you from possibly enjoying certain forms of exercise ? today 's aspect assists you in probing these depths . try tapping into memories of early childhood experiences on the playground . $ today 's aspect at play gives you a leg up in exploratory thinking . the ability to recall early experiences or to examine body issues will be enhanced . try to use this aspect to heighten your awareness of your body . a challenging yoga workout will focus your mind and create space for new awareness to emerge . do not push yourself but stay on top of the exercise . accept any resurfacing memories or new self - knowledge without placing judgement . $ the planetary energy is challenging you to shift gears and ask yourself whether you actually feel as healthy as you want to feel : in your body , in your outlook on life , and in your relationships . there are things you can do to feel more comfortable in all of these areas - you 've just got to take a look at your situation and be honest with yourself . in order to feel the healthiest you possibly can , you have to first face your reality , today . $ today 's planetary alignment impels you to create structure and balance . you work out , you run , you eat right , you invest in holistic products , but what good is it all if you cannot have a cuddle on the couch with the living entity of your choice ? after all , this is what makes us feel whole and well . whether its love or friendship you have in your life at the moment , people or adored pets , do not forget your need for tenderness and intimacy . $ today 's transit is a lovely one for the sensually oriented . your body is your temple , and it 's a great couple of days for worship ! try to prepare your food as though you were a religious monk celebrating the deity of pleasure : fresh fruits ( organic taste better ) , whole grains , and your favorite flavors . your body is a sacred ornament : polish it inside and out with exercise ( yoga massages your internal organs ) and exfoliating baths ( oats and chopped pear is a great mixture to bring into the water and rub onto your skin ) . $ considering your options is as important a habit to acquire as is making decisions and taking action ! the planets are now aligned for this kind of process - are you ? whatever your health habits are , it 's a good time to eliminate the ones you no longer need . they get in the way of the process of progress . treat yourself to the physical pleasures of long walks and stretching your limbs ; forego the cheap stimulation of processed sugars and a high - carb diet . you will enjoy the results - i promise ! $ it 's not every day that you can open your mouth and like everything that comes out ! with today 's astral configuration , it might surprise you how easily you express yourself . most importantly , you will be able to hear your own inner voice telling you exactly what you need and when you need it . when you wake up in the morning and you hear i 'm thirsty , try to understand that the voice means water , not coffee ! listen well and give yourself what you need first . $ today 's energy has a great personal impact . the deeper you go to find your truth , the brighter you will shine . there is a tendency for you to be somewhat afraid of risk , to appear selfish and stubborn to others because of a fear of the unknown . give yourself the permission to explore yourself without fear . treat yourself to a deep tissue massage , if possible - the journey of relaxation and free association could be a gentle way to unlock what 's inside , just waiting to get out and enrich your life . $ being yourself is feeling pretty easy these days . there is not a lot of challenge in your relationship with yourself - it is with others that the challenges can be a bit out of the ordinary . concentrate on your own space : your relationship with yourself is the longest lasting one of your life and you must learn to take it seriously . nowhere is this reflected more truthfully than in your diet . are you giving yourself what you would give the most important person in your life ? $ for you , the energy emanating from the planets is crying out : look up ! look up from the comfort zone of your preferred pasture and check out what 's happening in the heavens above . there is possibility for new direction now . increase your flexibility : either at the gym , if possible , or in your working life . go places you normally do not go . wake up earlier and take invigorating walks to better acquaint yourself with the sunrise , when dark turns to light . your job is to be open . $ if you can tune into that song on the cosmic radio , you 'll find harmony and understanding . to help clear your antennae , pay attention to what you eat , what you drink , how much you rest and how much you exercise . these habits are the key to knowing what the future holds . if you can give yourself the time and care necessary to be as healthy as you can possibly be , you will be better able to serve others and the planet . $ the world has changed since last year , and no one of us is immune to changes occurring in our personal lives . giving has taken on new meaning : we must give of our minds , not our pocketbooks . we must open up to a new way of living with others . take this period of change seriously , and you will not be left behind . yoga is a wonderful practice for giving power to the mind to show the body a new way of being . $ today you can evaluate and act with fluency . the greatest benefit of this special energy will come from focusing on yourself , not others . what is right for you in any given situation is up to you to decide . to prepare for making good dietary decisions , stock your house with healthy foods - and give yourself lots of choices . there are many ways to have healthy diet - fresh juices , colorful salads , expertly prepared tofu . these options take considerable effort , but the payoff is worth it , do not you think ? $ we are born to hope and dream . in order to encourage these beautiful qualities , we are charged with nurturing our bodies and listening to ourselves . a regular exercise regimen gives you the presence of mind to figure out your next step in life . the amount and quality of rest you give yourself is directly proportionate to your ability to know and get what you want . when you take these issues seriously , you are living to the best of your abilities . $ you may feel conflicted right now between knowing what you want to do and mustering up what it takes to make it happen . the key is actually to let it happen ! now is the time for planning and quiet inner work . in today 's 24 7 world we lose touch with the natural progression of things and feel stymied by process , frustrated by waiting , and unsatisfied by hoping . if you want to see immediate change , double your intake of water and watch what happens ! $ there is a lot of energy whirling around these days , but you have the benefit of grounded energy if you choose to use it (  ' use it or lose  ' it most definitely applies ! ) . you may want to increase your intake of water and decrease your intake of caffeine and carbonated substances . steer away from heavy foods and keep your natural energy well - positioned by eating homemade soups and salads prepared fresh with seasonal vegetables . these minor efforts can have maximum effect . $ this is a wonderfully inspired period enabling you to make plans for the future . this includes designing a house , planning a trip , or outlining a health regimen for the next three months . you have all that you need : determination , precision , creativity , and vision . use your energy like an antenna reaching out into your future . how do you want to look and feel in 3 short months ? use your determination and skills to make it happen ! $ the heavy atmosphere initiated by today 's aspect can be deflected by your pleasure - loving nature , but it is not always as easy as you might think ! generally , it 's easier to say yes than no , as it is more pleasing to fulfill rather than disappoint . however , saying no can give you the freedom to get what you really want . therefore , pleasure is not always easy to come by . consider this challenge when you are faced with your dietary choices : it comes down to a yes or a no . $ try to give to yourself before you give to others . meaning , focus on your wellness before you try to benefit from giving a sense of well - being to others . it is not easy but is an important ability to cultivate . on any given day ask yourself what you 've done for yourself : a nice refreshing run in the fresh air , particularly healthy meals and lots of water , a decision to have an early night for a good rest . these are the things that truly matter . $ use today 's planetary energy to get yourself moving ! the physical portrait for you is downward dog . if you are not familiar with this very popular yoga position , it 's like doing a push - up but hoisting your rear - end straight up toward the ceiling , so your body makes an upside down v , with only your hands and feet touching the floor . this posture releases all the tension in your neck and shoulders , where you tend to feel it most ! $ with so much of our self - esteem invested in our body image , it is the wise one who takes care to maintain his or her physical health . your underlying philosophy about health corresponds to your self - esteem . it 's the little things that matter . for instance , do you own a water bottle that you can take with you when you drive a car or take public transportation ? do you floss twice a day to keep your gums healthy ? by tomorrow make your answers yes ! $ many of us follow the diet if i can still fit into my jeans , i 'm ok - which is not the diet for optimum health . you may want to look a little deeper into what you can be doing for your health these days . you are far more capable than simply putting on a pair of pants when it comes to your health ! keep health flowing into your life by drinking water - something you can do at any time of day ! $ today 's transit creates a time of high emotional sensitivity . you might feel like curling up and staying close to home . the things that give you security will stand out . follow your heart but try to stay focused on your wellness program as well . in other words , if you are not in the mood to pump iron , at least give yourself plenty of hot herbal tea . rose hips tea will help keep your energy moving in a positive direction . $ your focus and determination are consistent qualities that others admire in you . you will admire them as well if you put them to the most personal use - your body . be rigid and demanding toward what you allow in your diet . only the best will do ! be narrow - minded and exacting about getting adequate rest . it is your best defense against the unpredictability of life ! your natural qualities can actually shape a very sensitive and gentle human being : you . $ your own health is the greatest investment you will make in your life . how have you been doing so far ? what are your plans for the future ? if you have not thought about your health as an investment , it 's time to start . what other asset have you got that affects every single waking hour ? consider breath . how you breathe effects your sleep , your digestion , the way you walk , the way you talk , the way you make love - need i say more ? yoga also helps a great deal . $ today 's planetary movement exerts an energy that might make you feel like your dreams are just out of reach . do not let this feeling discourage you , as it is only temporary . use the transit to get in touch with what you really want , so that you are able to take appropriate steps toward achieving that . the body is a lump of clay , remember ? you are the artist who shapes it . as an artist , give yourself plenty of love and encouragement . $ wanting something has usually led you to getting it , do not you find ? you have a tenacious grasp on the earthly realm , and when it comes to goal setting you are among the most impressive . when it comes to your body , your approach may need to be a little more flexible . although you tend to strive for perfection , remember that the human condition is very fluctuating , and you need to make room for the days you just will not be able to live up to your stringent expectations . take it easy on yourself . $ today 's transit makes you feel relaxed and easy going . this is a wonderful feeling , as long as you keep yourself active - it can quickly turn gluttonous and lazy if you are not careful ! short , intense workouts are favored so that you can burn off the steam that naturally builds up throughout the day without excuses ! stay away from heavy foods like bread , dairy and red meat . enjoy fresh produce , soups and legumes for energy that will not slow you down . $ when the time comes to act on something you 've been thinking about , you just know . ignoring this impulse leads to bad places : frustration , depression and listlessness among them . waking up to your inner voice is a practice . this practice should be the norm , as it has the power to shape your life . to help keep yourself closely attuned to your inner voice , it is wise to do regular physical exercise and to eliminate harmful dietary habits . $ there is a lot of pampering that you can give yourself without having to break the bank , you just need to spend a little time exploring what you like . perhaps there are certain essential oils in your medicine cabinet such as tangerine and grapefruit , that you find lifts your mood . if you have access to a bathtub , an epsom salt bath with a few drops of essential oil is an inexpensive way to bring calm to your nervous system and overly tense muscles . maybe you can give your adrenals and digestive tract a rest by switching from coffee to delicious teas that have a lower or no caffeine content . there are also several apps available these days that offer hypnosis , guided meditation , and bedtime stories designed to help you drift off to sleep . $ discipline is something you take for granted : you 've never had a problem understanding what it takes to get from a to b . however , it 's important to believe in what you set out to do . given that you have such powerful disciplinary abilities , why not take yourself in the direction you want to go ? start with a light self - massage or heating pad applied to your neck and shoulders , or any other area of your body where you store tension , and let the clear thinking begin ! $ all of this sheltering in place may have finally triggered or reinvigorated your latent nesting instinct . it 's important to heed this feeling and to do everything you can to make your home a comfortable and nurturing environment . hopefully , you already have all the wonderful things you need to make a healthy dinner at home . make it a night for you and your body : soothing , nurturing , and restful . $ one of the most important parts of relating to your own body is making sure you get adequate rest . on especially busy days when you feel pulled in many directions , it 's crucial that you calm your mind before you go to bed . a hot bath with drops of lavender is a wonderful way to accomplish mental and physical relaxation . $ whatever the source of discomfort in your life , today is giving you an opportunity to put your finger on it . this can be a frustrating planetary transit for some of you , others will find it enlightening or even amusing . open yourself up to change and release your grip on things that you know should go . this pertains to unhealthy eating habits , and laziness . your body governs how you feel to a large extent : give it the respect it deserves ! $ today 's planetary alignment creates a tension that you feel in your stomach area . this does not necessarily mean a stomachache ! it is more like a weakening of the will ( i . e . , your gut instinct ) . this aspect can present itself in a variety of ways : over - sleeping , over - eating , or forgetting to express your emotional truth to those with whom you 're in relationship . to counter these detrimental forces , concentrate on one healthy habit : drinking plenty of water over the next few weeks . $ try to see two sides of every issue today . the cosmic energy may lead you to the mirror , where you may be tempted to be scrutinizing and unforgiving . be gentle with yourself : remember that it is what you tell yourself , and not what others say , that most affects how you feel ! and you feel good if you accept yourself as you are and do your bit to stay healthy . you may use this energy to recognize and appreciate what works in your life . if your legs work , use  'em ! $ you 'll feel like indulging a bit today and that 's ok as long as you also do something to counteract your indulgence of choice . if it 's ice cream , for example , understand that lactose is difficult to break down and it also causes mucous build - up , so drink an extra lot of water to counteract these effects . if it 's taking a break from exercise , make today the day that you get to bed early so you are refreshed for tomorrow . $ your energy level may be below normal , but you can still feel connected to the excitement of living a healthy life . today 's aspect asks you to focus on your diet - you could especially benefit from eating fresh vegetables and pureed soups at this time . try to lighten up your diet by introducing legumes and fish as alternates to carbohydrates and meat . be sure to enhance your energy level with regular exercise - even if that means just stretching out on the living room floor ! $ there are many ways to come at a problem , and you are one to take perhaps the more confrontational approach , which can be really effective sometimes , but at other times difficult . today 's aspect asks you to quiet down in the face of a problem and really grasp the issues upon which everything hinges . ask yourself whether you get enough exercise , and if the answer is no just accept that for a moment . do not confront yourself with excuses ! just think about it . $ think about your most typical response to conflict and ask yourself what you would change if given the chance . this is not an easy question . the planetary configuration is going to present a situation ( or two ) which will require you to work something out . you do not have to make things perfect , but you will want to understand your role in whatever happens . what you do physically during this time will color your behavior . drink plenty of water ! $ watching the world go by will not suffice for you these days . you want more action , more involvement in things , more people to communicate with : more , more , more ! this is an effect of today 's aspect that will last for a couple of days . take this energy burst with a grain of salt because you may not feel like following through on everything you start during this phase . you would be wise to stick with your regular exercise regimen . $ creating a balance in your emotional life right now will be a priority . to help you do this , concentrate on what you eat . there must be a minimum of processed sugar in your diet if you are to feel your true emotions without the fluctuation caused by artificial preservatives . try to eliminate one dietary habit that do not help your emotional balance . soda pop is definitely one of those things . candy of course is another . notice the little things that damage your diet . $ with the current celestial energy , you will be learning the lesson of compromise . it 's not all about getting what you want - it 's about getting what you need ( to paraphrase a british rock star ) . you do not have to learn the hard way if you do not want to . the path to enlightenment begins with the body , and if you commit yourself to your body 's health , you will learn what you truly need in spiritual ways as well . $ you can give to others without sacrificing your own health . and , if you take your health seriously , you know that every decision we make throughout the day has to do with our health . so , if your friends want to meet for coffee and talk - go for it but order herbal tea if you are trying to minimize your caffeine intake ( a good idea these days ) . if it 's pasta night , have two servings of salad . $ there is a planetary configuration now that might force you to look at your whole approach to physical health and say yuck ! or c ' mon , let 's step it up ! be appreciative of the insights you have when you feel upset with things because there is much to be said for starting over with a new approach . one small step that is important for you to take , is a serious look at posture especially when you are at your desk . this can help you to avoid back and shoulder pain . $ you are greatly supported by the planetary energies on the emotional side of things but over the last few months you might have also found yourself putting on some extra weight . look not into the mirror but into your heart and mind to discover what the cause might be for this change in your body . there is no need to worry about your appearance because beauty is honesty , and if you are honest with yourself you do not need to pass judgment . $ the beauty in daily life is accentuated by today 's planetary alignment , and you must reach out and touch it ! put yourself in the position to be a part of things that are beautiful to you . health is one beautiful part of life that you can enjoy to a greater degree than you have been doing under this transit ! bestow upon yourself the extra care that makes your skin glow , your body feel alive , and that puts your mind at ease . $ your loving character will bring out the best in those around you . your compassion and willingness to be with others in the here and now will brighten the lives of those you touch . in order to keep yourself going in a healthy and positive direction , look to yourself each day and make sure you have what you need to feel your best . this most likely means staying away from dairy products and getting the exercise your strong body needs . $ when it 's time to communicate to those you love , you sometimes get a feeling that is unmistakable . there is something you want to say , and you feel it stubbornly stuck in your heart ! sometimes we resist our true impulses because of fear . this fear is perfectly natural , but it can get in the way . one way to work around fear is to stay in good ( even great ) physical condition . stay physically fit and you will be much better off in your close relationships . $ the planetary aspect of the day provides you with useful energy . those little things you want to accomplish but somehow never do will seem easy to manage if you open up to the creative energy available to you now . you generally want to feel safe and secure . therefore , try making your workout predictable and simple enough to do every day . this way you will be able to accomplish your elusive health goals without difficulty . $ today 's aspect means you 're going to stop to smell the roses whether you like it or not . bend down and tie your shoelaces . pull over and check the map . get into the groove of whatever daily life means to you and just be here now . it 's not a time to initiate brand new projects , but rather a time to check in with how you feel about current projects . regarding your diet , you may want to check whether you 're eating enough fruits and vegetables . $ there is conflict between your internal and external power sources while today 's planetary transit lasts . pay attention to conflict and try to use it to your benefit . with your nature , this can be a challenge . when faced with a conflict , ask yourself what is your desired result ? a little bit of forethought can mean the difference between a breakthrough and a breakdown . to calm your nerves during these moments of conflict , drink chamomile tea , and do not forget your exercise . $ with today 's planetary positioning , there is potential for expanding your world in innovative and creative ways . the celestial energy relates to the body today . can you see how your body might benefit from this atmosphere ? a light fast , perhaps , or a new approach to food altogether could come out of this transit . look at your physical condition and focus your intention on what you would like to change most radically . then go for it ! $ the powerful planetary alignment is all you need to feel at the top of your game ! not only that , the celestial atmosphere is backing you up with some serious fire power . now all you need to do is keep moving : keep your exercise regimen going and drink plenty of water to keep your internal systems running smoothly . if you do not manage this energetic phase with discipline and hydration , things could go a little haywire . $ the planetary alignment creates an energy under which that which you hold most dear can seem to slip away . note that this is usually more illusion than reality . your job is to behave in such a way that holds what is most dear to you in focused perspective regardless of your anxiety , worry and fear . in other words , do not to overdramatize ! to help you stay centered , take your breathing more seriously than you normally do . breathe deeply for five minutes a few times daily . $ today 's aspect will make you extra aware of what you need - the basics , such as food , sleep and love . if you are not getting enough of any of these things , or getting too much of one , then you will come to know it during the current transit . there may be some challenges you need to deal with that will at first seem frustrating , but after the initial shock , you will benefit from knowing that you 've faced an issue . $ today 's aspect gives you plenty of fire power to burst through any uncomfortable bonds that may have previously held you down - and plenty of creative energy to plan for a brilliant future ! this is a great time to get ahead at work , find a new job or simply improve your way of life . speaking of which , there is no excuse to be a couch potato unless you are seriously ill or otherwise impaired ! $ the aspect of the day gives you a feeling that anything is possible - and it is . but you are reminded by your body every day that whatever you do is greatly enhanced by a feeling of physical vitality . take that i can do anything energy and apply it to your workout or exercise regimen . plan your exercise for the week and stick to it , knowing that if you feel physically vital you are more likely to succeed . likewise , eat for success ! $ another pleasant transit gives you the ease of getting what you want without stepping on other people 's toes . however , you have to know what you want in order to get it , and that 's where the work comes in . centering yourself has to be part of your daily program . exercise is a great way to do this . so is actively managing your diet so that you know what to expect from what you eat . $ today 's transit brings out your softer side - you may want to stay close to your kids today or stay home from work if possible . you can also explore your soft side while at work , by listening to your co - workers and showing them that you care , or by being supportive . in any case , it 's important to emphasize your soft side because there is also room for conflict if you harden up and show low tolerance for people or situations . to stay loose and avoid processed sugar . $ today 's planetary alignment benefits communication in almost every aspect of your life . the key is to understand the principle of brotherly love . if you seek to understand , rather than be understood , you will be greatly assisted by this transit . to prepare your mind and ears for listening , take some deep breaths and hold for a second or two before exhaling nice and long . this gets the blood flowing around your head and supports your thought processes . $ today 's aspect gives you a fresh burst of fiery energy to complement your already fiery nature . look at yourself in the mirror and notice what a radiant smile you have , what an outgoing personality you have to charm people with . these are all blessings that you can be thankful for . your greatest blessing however is good health . are you eating plenty of healthy things each and every day ? nothing will make you feel better than a balanced diet . $ given your ability to see two sides to everything ( if not more ) , today will feel a bit extreme . use your energy to prepare yourself for unforeseen needs : stock the refrigerator with fresh , healthy food , run the errands pertaining to your health , and organize your bathroom cabinets so that you have what you need in case you get sick . if you feel prepared , you will feel more secure . also - this is not a good day to make or break commitments . $ whatever the source of discomfort in your life , today is giving you an opportunity to put your finger on it . this can be a frustrating planetary transit for some of you , others will find it enlightening or even amusing . open yourself up to change and release your grip on things that you know should go . this pertains to unhealthy eating habits , and laziness . your body governs how you feel to a large extent . give it the respect it deserves ! $ today might feel like an all work and no play day . discipline and routine are not your favorite combination . however , if you 've got some work to do on your body , such as stopping some poor habits and starting some new , good ones , you 'll find it easier to do today . find some inspiring recipes online and plan a few meals for the week . by trying something new and healthy , you 'll be accomplishing something important and making it fun at the same time . $ you are calling the shots today . your psychic ability to read other people 's thoughts is especially accurate . nothing helps you more , physically or emotionally , than breathing exercises . running or other aerobic exercise , like yoga , will give you a big lift today . breathing will help with your timing , too . when you keep track of your own breath , you know when to inhale and when to exhale , and in turn you can more intuitively know when to say something and when to remain silent . $ your dreams and intuition meet head - on with your will to succeed and your drive . but maybe you do not really have a goal in mind that would benefit from this kind of energy . that 's fine ; all you need to do today is listen to your inner voice and take notes . there 's nothing that says you must decide anything now . but you may want to anticipate the decisions you know are coming up . this will help you to be prepared . $ i would not be surprised if you shed some tears today . who ever said it 's wrong to cry ? do you pretend you 're not feeling anything at all when you are overwhelmed ? if today is indeed a day that finds you crying , be happy ! blocked emotions weigh you down and make it hard for you to feel alive . if you can make it to a gentle yoga or a meditation class , it would help you to explore some unexpressed emotions you might not even know are there . $ try to pay special attention to the health of your lungs at this time . i recommend avoiding cigarette smoke and visualizing whirled peas ! ( get it ? ) peas are rich in thiamin ( vitamin b1 ) - exactly what you need to regulate the health of your lungs . also , communication with your co - workers and other day - to - day relationships will be challenging today . you may feel you are being perfectly clear and even tolerant , but some people just do not seem to get it ! if you find yourself bottling up your frustrations , try visualizing yourself in the world you wish to create , and do not be discouraged by the ineptitude of those around you . $ do not let the turkeys get you down . when the going gets tough , the tough get going . all these clichés apply right now , even though you may not take them seriously ! if you find yourself in need of some attitude medicine , try the following : brew parsley , peppermint and skullcap ( an herb you can find in a health food store or online ) in a pot with some water . keep the mixture in a jar in the fridge . take a few sips before sleep or pour some into a hot bath . $ the planetary energy makes your quick - witted and clever mind more alert than usual . you may benefit from a little healthy common sense . give in to your best intentions when it comes to your physical and emotional well - being . watch out for distracting tendencies such as doing things for other people . yoga could be just what you need to balance the impulse to go in many directions at once . do not forget to drink lots of water . $ there is more to staying fit than eating right and exercising . you can benefit from paying closer attention to everything in your life : how clean is your car ? do you make your bed every morning ? how long do you go without doing the laundry ? these things affect how you perceive life , whether it is easy or hard , even going as far as whether you are optimistic or pessimistic . today 's positioning of the planets supports the general inquiry into these finite parts of life . use the force ! $ you are an excellent friend , although you can easily become over - extended ! the ability to see and understand the motivations of others can end up making you confused about where you stand , personally . give yourself some undivided attention today and quiet your inner voice . yoga is an excellent way of doing this while also strengthening your lungs and nervous system through deep breathing . why not dedicate some of your energy to yourself ? you 'll appreciate the enhanced concentration that is a side effect of yoga . $ if you are having trouble concentrating , you may need to exercise your body and give your mind a rest . bikram yoga is recommended , but not for the faint of heart ! be sure to drink plenty of water before and during this intense practice . alternatively , you may want to request a deep tissue massage from someone at home - the longer the better ! give yourself the pleasure and benefit of a deeply relaxing physical experience . follow - up with the healing effects of sage leaf : either in food , or you can use sage oil on your skin . $ you may feel like you 're at the top of your game . the planetary alignment gives you the support you need to express your complex emotions : you find words work well for you when you talk about your feelings . it 's not always necessary to talk to someone else , though . try having a conversation with yourself to sort out your feelings when you are running or doing strength training . it 's helpful to clarify your thoughts and feelings while you work out . $ you may find yourself involved in a deep conversation today . there is room for unusual expression - humorous , perhaps , or surprising in other ways . it 's important to stay grounded and fly under the radar so that you do not get flooded . stay in tune with your body , as you may experience unusual hunger , or crave some unusual taste or spice . follow your instincts and gratify yourself , explore the new . also , try to be in bed early tonight . your body will appreciate the extra rest . $ it will be in your best interest today to participate fully in what you do . turn on your inner light and work to the best of your abilities , and i assure you it will be appreciated . treat yourself with the same focused attention . give yourself the full benefit of a little exercise , a special meal that nourishes your body , and a nice relaxing time before bed to calm your thoughts and reflect on your day . these recommendations could keep you out of trouble ! $ given the current astral energy , you might be hearing the voice ringing in everyone 's head : enough ! i want what i want , and i want it now ! if this brings apprehension , it 's because the day 's planetary aspect is not through with you yet . whatever the limitations you have been incorporating into your life may be , they need to be closely examined . ask yourself if you are doing the best that you can in your self - care , particularly when it comes to your health . $ you are a curious and bright individual , so try to harness these qualities and apply them to your diet this month . over the next several months , you will need to look at your bodily systems and treat them with care . available produce will change - are you interested in what 's available , and where you can get it ? the price of organic produce is a little higher - are you curious as to why , and whether or not you think it 's worth it ? begin to inform yourself on these and other diet - related issues . $ the more information you have about the food you put into your body , the better your decisions will be , and the better you will feel overall ! find out what is important to you about the food you eat - beyond taste ! are there agricultural communities in your area ? if so , be aware of what they produce and how they do it . knowledge about food and how it is grown becomes more and more important and it will change the way you eat , the supplements you decide to take , and generally enhance your awareness about what your body needs . $ part of your nature is to see both sides of an issue . another part of your nature is to be blind to the issue altogether because you have over - extended yourself . in other words , the real issue can sometimes get lost in the many perspectives you are able to see . this is why routine is so vital to your sign - routine in the most basic sense . try to strengthen your routine by exercising every day and planning your meals ahead of time . spontaneity should fall within structure . $ there are , thankfully , many ways to keep routine and structure interesting . if you are someone who enjoys yoga , there are many different methods to choose from , and different positions to choose from within one method . if you enjoy running or walking , there are as many paths to take as there are days in the year . keep variety as part of your routine so that you do not get bored . it 's best to limit your choice of times , however : choose a morning and an evening time and alternate between them . $ are you familiar with the phrase beginner 's luck ? it is typical for you to grasp very quickly the point of a given exercise - but also to tire of it just as quickly . for instance , if you have been somewhat regular about diet and exercise , you will feel the effects almost immediately . however , that positive effect will also make you feel like it 's ok to slacken your routine . resist this tendency by incorporating more elements into your healthy regimen : get to bed earlier and wake up earlier ! $ regularity in practice is the answer to almost all of your health concerns . you will benefit tremendously from a regular yoga practice , running , or gym workout . exercise can be almost a religious practice for some , for it relieves the nervousness and anxiety that plague everyday living . finding a reason for the health regimen you keep is a good idea . this is a good time to ask yourself , what is health all about for me ? $ keep asking yourself what health means to you , even if you 've found it impossible to stick to any kind of routine lately ! asking the question an important step in doing those healthy things , because in order to commit you need understanding . for you especially , there has got to be a connection between the heart and the mind ( it beats the running around in circles game ! ) . keep investigating where the food you eat comes from . $ instincts and intuition serve you well in public this year . dreams and wishful thinking about your career situation might also claim some of your attention . so long as you understand that these are brainstorming times and not times to act , you 'll be better than fine . friends and lovers give you what you want in july . impatience might strike in september , but you can have fun anyway . telling fact from fancy is easy in october . you 're at your most psychic in february , so keep a low profile and be gentle . love yourself and find contentment with a loved one at year 's end ! $ career and work come into focus this year . you 're not one to give everything away , but you may be more conscious of how much good work people can do for one another . take your time and be willing to think things through until it all makes sense . loved ones take extra good care of you in july . do not feel unworthy of any gift . if irritable in september , schedule more private time . negative criticism will not help much in october . inspiration might strike you at work in february . be responsible throughout . after a social surprise in march , the year ends rich in luxury and love ! $ it 's a high - energy year when you could take your life and career in hand , for better or worse . make it for the better and resist being impulsive , impatient , or quarrelsome . enjoy love and support in july , perhaps even in the form of money or material goods . september might be difficult , but you can avoid any explosions or blowouts by simply being tactful . old wisdom is there for you in october . use it . a partner could come or go in january . do not fight it . it 's a sizzling year full of change , excitement , opportunity , and big love ! do good things with it all ! $ look forward to a year of fun , mischief , and wild inventiveness ! you 're bursting with fresh ideas , especially in the first month , and it might be hard for you to keep a lid on things , even at home . home is the most fun and fortunate place to be in july . high spirits might draw some fire in october , but you do not have to alienate anyone . a spiritual insight could touch your heart in february . stay practical and loving . march is action packed and exciting , so practice self - restraint when appropriate . may and june are full of brilliant company and conversation , roses , wine , and sweet , sweet love ! $ look and feel your best with more quality time with your friends this year . if work and family affairs bring minor challenges or interruptions , stepping out into the social scene will recharge your batteries . after the smooth summer months , september might try to frustrate your fun . do not be annoyed . a partner or lover might need a change . be fair minded and go with it . in february you might come across an inspiring person or learn that someone is inspired by you . march and april brim with excitement and activity . dress up and relax into it . the year ends peacefully and full of elegant affection ! $ sweet times with good friends can keep this year moving forward for you ! you will not need to spend a lot of money or make a lot of expensive changes either . spend most of your time with solid , sensible , good friends and then negative , difficult people will have less access to you . july could bring some extra income or maybe a touch of extra pleasure at home . october may have a rocky day or two , but do not cling to any bad feelings . a partner could pleasantly surprise you in january . watch out for emotional dreams in february . the year ends sparkling with luxurious fun and gentle love ! $ you 're bubbling over with charm this year , but most of it will be lavished on special people in private . you 'll be sweet and sensitive in public , too , but not to the same extent . a gift might come from a mystery friend or admirer in july . things go smoothly until an issue at work might briefly spill over to home . do not get impatient or angry . respect the opinion of a partner or lover in december , but do not lose self - confidence . you have to be you . be bold but not brash at work in march and april . shine brightest and bask in the warmest affection at year 's end ! $ your brightest ideas and best plans may be made during private time , so do not overbook yourself or skimp on downtime . a few special friends ( or that very special one in your life ) may share these times , but not the rest of the world . be generous and receive favors in july and august . be supercharged and energetic at home in october . more peaceful times may be called for in november . be quietly creative . a flash of inventiveness at work in march might need time to gel . the last month could see entertainment , small private parties , and after - dinner drinks with romantic overtones ! $ it 's a great year for plotting and making preparations for the long term ! the future is not just tomorrow . now that you have a clearer view of what you want and where you want to go , dreams , instincts , and intuition can be your guides . be generous and big - hearted in july , and enjoy material abundance . family comes into focus in october , and you have more than enough energy to finish what gets started . respect your ambitions and passions in march , even if friends disagree . the last month is yours to examine and reconsider anything or anyone that this year has brought . be loving , loved , and admired ! $ start something near and dear to your heart this year and pursue it to completion ! put self - improvement on your agenda and you can be greatly successful . spirit and heart are big and bright . enjoy a burst of energy to finish up the final stages of a long - lingering project in october . new clever ideas might distract you , but stick with the tried and true . a romantic bolt comes out of the blue in december or january . stay calm and self - assured . dream what you most want in february . end the year in strong , powerful , passionate form and launch into a magnificent future ! $ have great self - confidence and be your own best luck this year ! you can do this modestly , graciously , and without a huge ego . after a smooth summer , your temper or patience may be tested in october and november , especially at home . seek and respect old advice and the experience of others . a romantic flare - up or brief hot fling could happen in december . be civilized but not too deferential . be more idealistic in february , even if you do not act on the sentiment . do not be tossed by any repeat surprises at work in march . the last month mellows out with culture , comfort , conversation , and great compassion ! $ money and material concerns may preoccupy you this year . focus on genuine abundance , be realistic , and improve your status and appearance . summer is yours to work as you please . you may need to stand up for yourself and your ideas in october , especially with family members , but it do not have to result in conflict . another personal , more romantic challenge might arise in january . respect yourself as well as others . remember , you are but half of any relationship . your heart softens and opens in february . at year 's end value your friends , tastes , preferences , and what and whom you love best . all love is returned in full ! $ enjoy a glamorous year with great energy , especially for material or financial matters . be most lucky with your generous impulses in the first month . settle into a summer of productivity with cooperative friends . countless minor quarrels could slow you down in october . if you lose your focus , a fresh new love will set you straight . if you get angry for a while , expect to be grateful later . wishful thinking or ungrounded good intentions could cause trouble in february . a major shift at work in march could work to your advantage if you are not too aggressive . high - octane love and energy are yours all year long ! $ it 's a dynamic year , when you can be the star whenever you need to . your sparkling wit can surprise even you , all to good effect . look and feel your best in the first month , especially at home and with friends . shine brightly with close friends in august . october energizes an issue at home and motivates you to meet all challenges head - on . slow down and rest in november . a love interest could get too interesting in january . you 'll shine in april , even if it 's a bit uncomfortable . you know who and what you want this year , and everything 's within reach . have a great year ! $ enjoy countless opportunities and promising complications this year . you 'll see and think clearly through everything , and no wishful thinking or grandiose offering will deceive you . small pleasures and company close to home will abound in september . this happiness can fuel you for the rest of the year . be most proactive in october , especially concerning home affairs . a major love might come ( or go ) in january . do not be knocked off balance . likewise , a burst of hopeless idealism could bruise your heart in february . be compassionate but practical . expect surprises at work in april , some from you . it 's a brilliant , productive year full of tenderness and love ! $ you could make a big change or two this year , revamping yourself , the people ( or special person ) in your life , or even where you live . you 're big - hearted and have big vision , even if you do not use it . details in the small picture may distract you in august and september , but those efforts will not be wasted . be motivated , even confrontational , in october , to complete some major project . be captain of the team in november . a romantic shakeup is possible in january , and an old fond fantasy may return in february . work energetically in april . a sweet , sensitive last month ends a dynamite year ! $ peace and quiet may be scarce in the outside world , but you have an infinite reserve of inner calm that will look like magic to others . your big - hearted approach , especially to down - home situations , will win you admiration all year , especially in the first month . october and november may be busiest , but you 'll also be the most energetic . take downtime in november , when fewer , if any , people come to interrupt you . romance flares up in january . dream big in february , although a friend might not agree . be clever ( and charming ) at work in april . enjoy a cozy , sparkling end to a busy year ! $ you 're a rolling ball of fire all this year , and full of surprises , too ! even if people could keep up with you , they will not be able to guess which way you 're going . after a calm few months things heat up in october , when you 're jump - started into doing more at home , perhaps for family . progress and good karma can come from simply being nicer to the right relative or friend . november is quieter but still has its share of fun . brief romantic fireworks are possible in january . be solid at work in april , and relax in loving , passionate arms during the final months ! $ you have a secret source of great love and support this year , possibly from friends and relatives . be grateful and do not press for explanations . it may be a year of random acts of kindness , so perform your share . be energetic in october , smoothing ruffled feathers and restoring peace and pleasantness at home . be more low - key in november , but still fully enjoying life . a change - up in daily routine could have long - lasting effects . enlightenment is possible in february . if sparks fly at work in april , you can cope with it . spend the last month lavishing and receiving love and encouragement . it 's a passionate , powerful year ! $ emotions run high and a lot of that can be channeled into creative fun that keeps your heart beating loud and fast . meet those daily needs , enjoy smooth sailing , and be ready for a busy october full of family and social affairs . some of it may feel fated , so do not be too quick to say no . be sharp , sensible , and sensitive in november . when the dust settles you 'll look back on a lot of emotional maturity and progress . respect those basic work demands in the spring , and then benefit the rest of the year . cleverness and beauty unite in the last month . bask in the brilliance ! $ the world may think you 've become more serious , and that 's a good thing . you 're simply more sincere in your words and actions and less frivolous about how you spend your time . quiet times at home will still be intense and important to you in september and october . be clear and focused about your passions in november , then do not be a hermit but share your good times . if work gets challenging in march and april , you 'll have energy and wits to spare , and lots of support . lighten up in the last couple of months and indulge in more quality time with the person who loves you best . $ it 's a high - energy , extroverted year ! keep some personal pleasure in your equation , even if spending time with others is your primary source of happiness . just do not let it take over your life . a family or home concern may take all your energy in october , and it will be worth it . do not be frustrated in november if people are not always there for you . respect everyone 's boundaries , especially your own , and do not take everything personally . work may heat up in april . stay grounded and meet the challenge . it 's a smooth , comforting end of the year with more love than you might have dreamed ! $ your daily life do not need to have anything lackluster about it this year . you 've got the magic touch , especially at home in the first month , and know how to set people at ease . after a nice , quiet stretch , family and friends may want to spend more time with you in october . enjoy the attention and tactfully share any extra expenses . people want to treat you well and stay in your good graces . reserve judgment in december if a close friend or lover disappoints you . you can learn why before the year ends . let tender feelings express themselves , and treasure those hugs and kisses ! $ craving a major overhaul in your daily routine ? if not now , the time will come , so do not get anxious about it . keep finances tidy , enjoy a few months of calm , then spring into action at home in october . friends and family may have suggestions and want to help . people will cheerfully respect your wishes in november . this can lead to many pleasant times . be attentive to your health and diet in january and feel healthy and strong . any changes in routine made now will stick . any work stress in april will not be a drain . love yourself and let others love you all year long ! $ it may be time for a love that really works for you , if you do not have one already . if you do , be sure to appreciate what 's good and be patient about improving what is not yet totally perfect . do not let that yearning for perfection deprive you of what is already a wonderful thing . accept the generosity of others , especially in the first month . in the fall be motivated and work hard to make both home and career more satisfying . in january a sudden intense love could survive , if you choose . decompress and reevaluate in the last month . it 's your heart and your year ! $ if you 've overlooked the sexy charms of a sharp mind , that will not happen this year . you never have been content with what 's purely skin - deep . while life looks orderly and calm for the first few months , in october things could get steamy and contentious at home . your true friends will be patient if you get impatient or angry with them . take a deep breath in november and relax with more casual , lightweight activities . an unusual or unconventional love interest may catch your eye or heart , however briefly , come wintertime . what satisfies you may be changing , deepening , improving . be patient and love yourself , too ! $ connect better with friends and loved ones , and have a richer , happier conversation all year long . you 're bright , generous , and fun to be with and this will draw people to you , even after any spat . october and november could be busy and packed with other people 's minor problems . do not worry about any of it . encourage people , and watch any problems solve themselves . money and work both look reliable , although you may imagine a problem in december or january . stay calm and practical - things are fine . share a fond aspiration with friends in february , and work passionately in april . it 's a splendid , congenial year ! $ it 's a dream - filled year , but do not expect to be perfectly understood all the time . pay careful attention and you can mostly stay on the same page with people . you 're upbeat and lucky , so most of them will make the extra effort with you , especially in the first month . some excitement could strike at home in october , but little confusion . blast expertly through autumn , particularly november , and be successful in all that you attempt . inspiration in february may please you and your loved ones before the year ends . publicly surprise and delight people in april . it 's a gentle , sweet year ! $ it 's a tenderhearted year for you . you may feel hypersensitive at times , but keep your feelings under control and notice how psychic you 've become . manage your spending , especially that first month , and still enjoy great times . in september and october you may experience some self - doubt , but stand firm , especially about decisions concerning home and family . your loved ones will agree with you on all counts . take your creative efforts seriously in november and ignore negative criticism . shield your heart in february , but do not hesitate to be sympathetic . you have to genuinely be you . end the year embraced by elegance and emotional security ! $ nothing can stop you this year , so aim high ! you have the energy to push through any obstacle and burn away any opposition . you have plenty of charm , too , and that can ease your way with many people . luck is on your side , especially the first month , so do not wait around . work away happily for several months , then be ready for a big breakthrough , starting at home . negotiate skillfully for what you want and do not question your ability to complete any task . success favors the bold , especially in public , and you have boldness to spare ! make it a spectacular and accomplished year ! $ amaze even yourself with the success that is possible for you this year ! do not take anything for granted , of course , and hard work will be needed , but that 's no problem . your loyalty , generosity , and charm will serve you well all year , especially early on . trust your taste and decision - making abilities , be practical , and do not doubt yourself . a private , inspired fancy that strikes you in february may prove useful by year 's end . april is your time to be stunningly smart and successful at work . be modest and capable , and leave the bragging and grandstanding to lesser beings . it 's a great year just for you ! $ you have your feet securely on the ground this year , and what you do will last . luck follows you , as well as pleasure , particularly in the first month , but do not assume things will always be so easy . october and november offer you a challenge at home or with family that will greatly improve the rest of the year , if not the rest of your life . be self - confident but not brash , and refuse to feel inferior about anything . be at your best at work and in public during april and may , so exert yourself every day . it 's a magnificent year full of happiness and love ! $ career and the trappings of public life may be your focus , with you as your severest critic . people will be impressed and perhaps surprised at your approach and how much success you enjoy . the first month you may have a bit of a golden touch , so use it wisely . in autumn your energy may sag briefly , but it 's always wise to take good care of yourself and respect your limits . just be sensible . in february you might be influenced by someone else 's inspiration . enjoy the good qualities and see enhanced comfort and cleverness before year 's end . have a fantastic and wildly enriched year ! $ personal needs and obligations should come first , of course , but getting out and about can be more than just an escape valve for your heart and mind this year . step up and do your part , especially in the first month . by autumn you may have more energy , perhaps for socializing at home . remember your budget , and do not exhaust yourself . be inspired by others in february even if you do not instantly act on it . show up in public in a big way in april , and then kick back and enjoy may and june in style . love gets sweet , and maybe serious , at year 's end ! $ get your message across , or maybe just enjoy more culture and wit this year ! you 'll never know a boring moment or wonder where to go and what to see . everyone may not share your enthusiasm at first . in the fall you may want to pay more attention to things at home or with family . if friends intrusively suggest you slow down , say less and let things settle themselves , it 's only because they care . friends may inspire you again in february and march . you have friends at work , too , in april . be a friend back . love , brilliance , and warmth surround you at year 's end ! $ new friends , new places , and new activities provide a year 's worth of happiness ! the tried and true old favorites are not going away , but your tastes and horizons are expanding . charm and luck get you going in the first month and serve you well all year . if family or home life gets challenging in october and november , you have the energy and proper words and approach to make all well . you 'll be well respected in november . surprise people - and yourself - in march and april , stepping up and doing radical and new things . indulge curiosity in june and love your life every single day ! $ feelings run deep and strong this year , and you may prefer to keep them to yourself . secrecy and mystery may appeal to you , but simply respecting privacy may work just as well . the first month you 'll be conspicuous , so do not bother hiding how lucky and attractive you naturally are . in the autumn you may need to be a diplomat with friends or family . be sensitive to all sides , respecting privacy and boundaries , and achieve satisfaction everywhere . after a brief spell in the limelight in april , return to your cozy emotional cave and lap up endless love , comfort , and affection till year 's end ! $ mental sharpness and plain old good luck are yours in abundance this year ! most people will not notice , and that 's lucky , too . with slight effort , the early months can be uneventful , organized , and under control . october and november may see some sparks close to home . any quarrels or disagreements will be more about feeling and perception than about any concrete problem . your words have extra authority in november . reserve judgment and be slow to act in january if you have self - doubts . if tossed into the spotlight in april , be modest and let it blow over . enjoy a spectacular , love - filled last month after a grand year ! $ secret loves , intimate pleasures , and the sweet privacy of home may be your greatest treasures this year ! you 're brimming with luck , love , and keen wit , but you can keep a low profile and get things done . patience and temper may get strained by family or neighbors in october . handle things smoothly and do not go ballistic over nothing . your judgment is sound and your authority will be respected . protect your daily routine from flaky temporary interruptions in january . step back in april and let others take center stage . be good to your love and to yourself , and offer no explanations . what a powerful year ! $ it 's a bright new year full of golden fun and opportunities . your inner child may be near the surface , and a touch of innocent mischief could happen at any time . be the normal , responsible adult and enjoy some pleasant months before dealing with a more excitable situation in october . your sheer force of will and good heart should handle any adversity . do not be a bully , though , and let your good sense and experience show through . adventure may call you in april . be bold but safe and sane . the last few months are quieter but still intense and rich with love , life lessons , and more love ! $ be in touch with your greatest desires and ambitions this year . you may not instantly achieve them all , but you can make serious headway to get you farther down the road to success . do not be afraid of new ideas or fresh approaches if the old ones have gone stale . work steadily and see progress , although in october you might rethink or redo something at home or with family . do what makes sense and do not squabble . a needed insight might not come until april . it 's worth the wait . do not be shy either . stay modest and self - confident . people love you and what you do ! $ money and material means could be more on your mind this year . it will not consume your life , and you 'll find it easier to do well and sidestep any silly snags that happen periodically . you 're naturally organized , especially in august and september , and this will keep the rest of the year running smoothly . energy and self - motivation peak in october , when you could wrap up something major and leave emotional space to start something new and wonderful , possibly in march or april . you do not need big plans when small plans succeed in a big way . the last month rocks with success , satisfaction , and generous , big - hearted love ! $ income , gifts , and cherished belongings may matter this year , and friends young and old have generosity , advice , and good examples for you . you 're already smart , gracious , and eager to help , and people want to help you , especially in september . in october and november you can conclude something near home that 's been hanging over your head too long , and win admiration for doing so . this may inspire you in february to do something equally impressive for others . start something striking just for fun in march or april . the last couple months may be less focused but still packed with intimacy , sweet , sincere words , and embraces ! $ your luckiest and happiest times may come close to home this year . many short trips to sample new ideas and styles with close friends or family could open your eyes to more success and pleasure than you suspected . september and october would be the most mentally stimulating , so do not wait too long to explore your neighborhood or corner of town . october might need you at home to finish up an important chore . be energetic and sweep it away . be inspired and inspiring in february . a wild , crazy idea may appeal in april , but it may not hold up . it 's a glorious , glamorous , passionate year ! $ it 's lively , fun times , mostly close to home , with favorite friends and relatives . if not all close to home , then several short field trips and outings of the window - shopping nature could happen . a ripple of discontent ( possibly from a woman friend or relative ) might briefly arise in october , but tact and clear thinking make all smooth again . home affairs deserve attention in november . be energetic and systematic . take good care of yourself in january , rest and eat well . friends surprise you in march . surprise them back - in fun . the last month is sweet , smart , and very lucky ! it 's a lovely , loving year ! $ it 's time to pay attention to the people in your life . you may be surprised to find out which ones are really important , and you might find yourself to be important to a surprising someone else . some of this is karmic . with daily life , money , and job under control , relationships with friends may stir to life in october and november . stay calm and let things sort themselves out . a sudden offer of adventure could appear in march or april . a quarrelsome acquaintance could become a best friend in may . june and july shine brilliantly for you , so keep eyes and heart wide open for blessings and love ! $ this year home may feel safer ( if not always calmer ) , while the outside world offers more than its share of surprises and challenges . some of these challenges may propel you farther ahead in life - they are not just to annoy you . november and december could get emotional , but do not fret . acknowledge any feelings of insecurity and do not let anything stop you from being you . people may be fussy in january , but do not let anyone upset you . march and april are busy , exciting times with built - in comforts and favorite perks . the last month is another reward , full of love , generosity , and great company ! $ create all the peace and quiet at home that you want and need . be gentle , however , and realize that most people do not have your force of will or strong presentation . you do not need to quarrel over every little point , especially in november . do something off the wall and fun ( but not reckless ) in january . draw out a quiet person 's wisdom in february and share what you learn , if appropriate . april and may keep you running and on your toes . maybe take a trip , if only a virtual one . read that e - book . kick back at year 's end with favorite people or a precious loved one and lap up the happiness ! $ emotions run high at home , but your big heart guarantees there 's more than enough love to go around . if a relative or close friend gets difficult in november , you have tact and affection to spare . this applies to co - workers , too , in march and april . someone 's fond dream could inspire you in february , but you also know how to live in the real world . with minimum ( or no ) stress over finances or work , any challenging times in april and may can be made productive and pleasant . remember who loves you , and love back . there will be great stories and favors to share at year 's end ! $ it 's a fiery , passionate year when sharp minds and bright ideas can be sexy and fun . ( good bodies and shining smiles are still winners , too . ) keep the bills and the work situation on track and then , if you 're inclined to get away from home for a while in the fall , go . december turns to the fun , bright side . enjoy new people , places , and things . one may become a favorite . march , april , and may are mischievous times , so roll with any friendly punches and startle people into sudden smiles . keep it safe and non - combative . hugs , kisses , and clever sweet nothings enrich and expand your world ! $ do your own thing in a big way , without chasing away the rest of the world . look and feel attractive and self - assured . so long as you 're practical and remember the details of daily life , problems can be few and easily fixed . unvoiced jealousy could ruffle a calm home life in november , but you have the energy and determination to stand your ground . december and january may bring misunderstanding , but it can turn to laughter later . stay calm and enjoy life . big dreams find you in the springtime to take you on a journey , if only in the mind . it 's a stunning , sparkling year ! $ your tastes and desires may differ from what the world offers , but do not swerve from what you love . in october friends or family may suggest things you do not like to do , but be gracious and play along if you think the company is good . follow your own drumbeat in december , be calm and pleasant through the holidays , and be glad you did . if misgivings arise in april or may , that 's fine . respect your right to reevaluate earlier opinions and actions . learn , improve , and advance . love yourself , and give others the chance to love you , especially in the last month . it 's a stimulating , sexy year ! $ notice what others overlook and observe what no one else can see . it may be hard to share yours news , though , but do not let that get you down . be smart and enjoy many smooth days in the summer , then brace for a personal challenge ( perhaps suggested by a friend ) in october . november may bring moments of second - guessing yourself , mostly at home , but you can learn and profit from this with no long - term negative feelings . delight some new friends with a few favorite old tricks in the springtime . be a popular romance magnet as the year comes to a magnificent close ! $ respect those little necessities of life - things like routine and health - and see how huge the reward can be . in october and november , you may spot some small possible changes ( like just being smarter about diet ) that bring you instant energy and inspire a friend or relative . in november an old annoying issue can be resolved at home . fix , forgive , and do not forget the lesson . a breakthrough could happen in february to improve your life in many small ways . please yourself and surprise others in april . it do not have to be reckless or self - indulgent . have a loving , cozy , and successful year ! $ dreams of love fill this year , and perhaps the angel you 're visualizing could appear . if not red - hot , sexy , snazzy romance , it could still be a dream of a profoundly warm and secure heartfelt connection . friends and relationships close to home may distract you in the fall . in november some deeply rooted attachment or habit may see its end or resolution . february holds sweet sunshine for the soul , even if it 's not long lived . enjoy the blessing . be playful and entertaining in april . the final month is all charm , elegance , luxury - and more charm . it 's a heartfelt and heart - expanding year ! $ be inspired and inspire others all year . you 're already smart and practical about money and work . in the fall connect more firmly with friends who are grateful for your company . be prepared to be the authority figure at home and make a pivotal decision . share opinions without any preaching or speaking down to anyone . be respected even if you 're considered eccentric in january . the world is full of surprises in april and may . observe , assess , and appreciate the chance for change . love surrounds you all year long , but you 'll most strongly sense it in the final month . ah , love , so well worth waiting for ! $ your heart and head shift into high gear , and few will be able to resist you . take care should you charm the wrong someone accidentally . be smart , shrewd , and sensible and enjoy unchallenged smooth sailing until november , when friends may want more time than you feel you have . a family elder may want your help or just your presence later in the fall . in february a magical romance could briefly flash in your sky . shine brightest in march and april . be ambitious for others , and for yourself , too . aim high . be blessed and be a blessing for others in the last month . embrace the love ! $ a million bright new ideas may strike you this year , and several of them could click into reality . few people will be able to keep up with your quick wit , or even be able to see you coming . be sensible , practical , and do not fritter this away on simple amusement . decide for yourself what 's worth doing in october and november . friends might have other ideas . respect your own judgment at home in november and cherish the safe space . think and plan big in april , and learn great lessons for future use . surprise yourself . the last month is more private , quiet , and tremendously lucky and happy ! $ be eager to learn , improve , and lap up all the wisdom the world wants to share with you . your eyes and mind are wide open , ready to receive it all . in the fall you may be bored and resist doing the same easy things with friends . relax and let the irritation pass . choose to face a difficulty at home in november , and honor your willingness to take on the challenge . big fun comes your way in january , and in february big , loving dreams find you to make the heart beat fast . surprise yourself and delight others in april . you 're the world 's darling at year 's end ! $ do your favorite things in a big way , and get things done on a big scale . it will not take a huge effort , either , just steady attention to what matters . friends may challenge you in november . just stand your ground , be fair , and win more respect . indulge an impulse for big fun in january , but be aware that it might come back to haunt you . sweet love beckons in february , although the memory may be less sweet . live and learn . be brilliant and popular in may and june . intense pleasures and great progress can be yours . do your best and do not look back ! $ shine in public and enjoy great career opportunities this year ! there 's no point in hiding or saying no when a challenge arises . you 're up to it . start the year with a calm , focused mind , meet those daily requirements , and enjoy a sparkling november and december with active friends who keep you running . slow down and concentrate on your own affairs until february , when love might come knocking on your door with a dreamy episode . if restless or bored in april and may , take private time or a private trip . career is highlighted in may and june . have a charmed and charming year ! $ express yourself , especially in public and in the workplace . you have the tact and tenacity to get your message across without offending . the year starts with a misconception cleared up . in the fall there could be a difference of opinion , or perhaps just a clash of tastes or preferences . it 's not worth a big blowout . january brings a creative idea to life . attend to simple daily needs and drift into a romantic interlude in february . good intentions may be misunderstood in april , but do not be hurt by this . it 's a solid , proactive year of stepping out , loving , and being loved more and more ! $ career and your public image may be important to you this year , and you can make much progress finding ways to tell the world what you want . some frustrations are part of the package , so be at ease and make sure to be clear , particularly about details in the first month or two . welcome a friendly debate to further clear the air in the fall . in january you 'll sense that people want you to succeed and have fun . february is a month of valentines . be someone 's treasure , if only briefly . find an unexpected way to help in april , and benefit . love , advance , and share every day ! $ be part of a bigger extended family and take a bigger social role with friends and community . bake more brownies ( to share , of course ) or simply smile and comfort the shy and quiet around you . focus on the details of daily life despite desires for great or flamboyant things . in november friends may expect you to take the lead in everything . be bold and creative in january . a flash of love in february promises great things , but may fizzle . enjoy and do not be disappointed . a reward for a forgotten favor may appear in april . be popular , sought after , and downright loved all year ! $ social causes and group needs may claim more of your attention . you cannot rescue every kitten , obviously , but being more civic - minded on a sensible scale can take you far this year . you 're innately practical and responsible . be sensitive but not silly or self - sacrificial with friends in november . a yearned - for love might appear then disappear in february . cherish the encounter and do not mourn . not all requests are reasonable or possible in april . the last two months are full of opportunities for as many good works as you desire and as much love , affection , and luxury as can be imagined ! $ friends , family , and ties to the past could reach out and touch you more frequently this year . welcome the contact and connection . october may bring a chance for improved income . cooperate and let things happen . november may tweak a friend or two , but you have a firm grasp of things . the winter might be the season for love , so enjoy the warmth . if asked for help in april , know that it 's because you 're tried , true , and trusted . enjoy the closing two months in the arms of your favorite company , sharing so many of the gifts and good things you 've encountered this year ! $ work your best magic quietly and inconspicuously . save your energy and let others compete for the spotlight . you may feel too busy or involved to form new relationships in the first month , but this will change . in the fall you have the energy and authority to clear up a disagreement among friends . you can do this nicely and with a gentle touch . you may be briefly tempted by love in the winter . do not debate with yourself , no matter how it turns out . great energy and some mischief return in april and may . get things done for others - and yourself . have a golden , glorious , glamorous end of the year ! $ be your own best friend this year and let others be drawn to you . you 're attractive in a compelling , quiet way , and the right people will find you . welcome new - even radical - ideas , particularly in the first month , and give them a chance to bloom . if friends get jealous about something in november , let them express themselves and watch everything resolve on its own . let no feathers stay ruffled . your best talents may come out to help someone in march and april . look good and do good all year . kick back in the last month and love those countless , quiet , intimate moments ! $ mysteries , secrets , and powerful dreams may occupy you this year . your normal outside world will not be forgotten , people and finances will not be neglected , but psychic energies may intrude and call for your attention . it may not always be convenient , especially in the beginning . insights and sharp thinking can help you handle any difficulties with friends in november . feelings and psychic gifts may confuse then cooperate with desires in february . be careful but give yourself a chance to succeed with others . the last month is pivotal , with great good luck and love , and a chance for a clear view into your own ( and maybe another 's ) heart ! $ it 's a bright new year when you can see yourself in a whole new light . you do not have to totally reinvent yourself , but it 's possible . concentrate on the fine points and small things about yourself that could make the biggest differences . by the end of the first month you may feel totally different , happier , and more secure about yourself . friends are there for you in november , even if they do not agree with every word you say . flattery will not fool you in february . be gracious anyway . be energetic in april , and share liberally all the rest of the lucky , lovely , and loving year ! $ you 're at your smartest and most critical this year , so go for constructive criticism and keep spirits high . you may find yourself being the natural leader among your friends in the fall . do not invest too much energy , but let things develop as they will . do something radical and fun just for yourself in january . you deserve it . a peek into your deepest desires or into the heart of a would - be lover could happen in february . be brave . high energy and the willingness to help someone in april or may could make you even happier by year 's end . it 's a modest but magnificent year ! $ money and material well - being could be the focus of this year , in all the best ways . you can be shrewd and practical and still nice about it all , and this can smooth any rough waters and take you to higher ground and better places . people may be bold with you in october and november , but you 're level - headed and secure in your facts . lead the way to fun with your friends in november and december . empty sweet talk gets nowhere in february . the real romantic deal may come along in the last two months , so keep that smile and open - hearted disposition ! what a grand year ! $ things can click and fall into place for you in the material world this year . generosity , good timing , and just being smart will all contribute to your financial progress . details are easier to manage , so watch that budget , pay the bills on time , and enjoy being with your favorite people , especially in the fall . big pleasures can come to you at zero or very little cost in january . a romantic fantasy may find you in february . enjoy , but do not flounder in it . do some favors in april and be rewarded . the last month is full of gifts and glamorous times ! have a proactive , prosperous year ! $ look forward to busy times and many short jaunts and field trips this year . friends may try to send you off on errands in november , possibly your busiest month . indulge them if it pleases you . you are well - grounded and will not neglect your own needs , so once your essentials are met , feel free to pick and choose your options . you may be healthier than you feel in the winter . do not feel guilty , however , if you choose to slow down and go easy . you get to relax , too ! after a slightly busy april , enjoy many sensible , peaceful days and sweet hours . you 've earned them ! $ you are in charge this year , and people will do as you ask . the universe may not obey , but on the day - to - day scale , you exert great influence . be compassionate , ambitious , and make great progress this year . people may challenge you and try to be difficult , mostly in november and later near the end of the year . be gracious , but do not back down unless you decide it 's wise . be wise in the winter , and take good basic care of yourself . share wisdom and advice with superiors in april and may , and be socially promoted . it 's a year of power , plenty , and sweet passions ! $ look forward to busy times around your neighborhood , both fun times and growth opportunities . if your opinions of friends or family are changing , you are not being fickle . you 're observing , learning , and seeing deeper . be highly sharp , practical , and meticulous in the first month . this helps you deal with people in november . do something wild , crazy , and maybe moneymaking in january . shake off a self - deception in february . in april react with wit , cleverness , and good training when something unexpected arises . july and august are more fun filled ( though maybe not as relaxing ) , with lots to do with lots of people - plus a possible behind - the - scenes romance ! $ treasure your home and then go boldly forth ! you 'll feel at home anywhere in the world you go . you should not feel awkward or out of place no matter where you are or what you 're doing . your communication and people skills make you popular from the first month on . take charge with friends in november and have many happy and well - organized short outings . home life glows with holiday warmth in december and continues throughout the year . wake up to a false dream in february . the last two months shine with good luck , group entertainment , and perhaps a challenging but thrilling love interest near the end ! $ a more beautiful home and more comfortable refuge from the world could be priorities for you this year . the first month you may rethink how your home functions for others , but really you 're more focused on yourself . in november you may sacrifice a bit of comfort or glamour with friends at home , but that will not last . you should have the arrangement you need by december or early january . rest well and write down your dreams in february . be clever and lucky in april , at first for others but later for yourself as well . end the year in the lap of luxury , satisfaction , and love ! $ relax this year in a bright , love - filled home life , with plenty of success out in the world , too ! the first month you may listen to others , but you do not have to accept it all . take power into your own hands in november and december and see friends yield to your suggestions and opinions . this do not require any harsh persuasion . january might have moments of nervous energy , mostly concerning home affairs , but things really are under control . startle your family in april and delight your friends in august . the year ends on a very high , bright , and happy note ! relax , be that wonderful you , and enjoy it all ! $ work and play come together for you this year , so love what you do and benefit from it all . a hobby or social activity could turn lucrative and do more than pay for itself . in late september and october you may get an idea or glimpse of something fun turning functional , and by november friends may want to urge you on and play , too . a change at home could further make this possible . january brings you more fun and cooperative people . be responsible , but consider if you 're not passionate about it , then why do it ? starting in august the year shines with celebration , affection , and love ! $ enjoy a lot of people discovering you . being even - tempered and fun - loving will serve you well all year long . a clever idea or insight could cause some ripples here or there , but you know what you like and you know it 's worth it in the end . november lets you be in charge with friends and relatives when it comes to decisions close to home . a high hope may prove to be too high in february . be grateful rather than disappointed . have extra energy for pleasure , people , and good purposes from april through year 's end . love could quietly surprise you in the last month ! $ build that self - confidence and great inner glow that bring admiration and opportunity your way ! if an intimate someone is critical of you , rest assured a secret admirer thinks you 're beyond perfect . be honest but gentle with yourself in the first month , and turn up that smile . people are looking for it . friends , fun , and encouragement are yours in november . some disapproval at home in january might briefly slow you down , but keep smiling . any self - doubts should be eradicated after february . good luck , good times , and many happy , congenial people may be the norm by summer . and that secret admirer could appear by year 's end ! $ look and feel your the most dreamy this year ! this could attract many admirers , especially secret ones . if you are not ready to encounter them all , respect your health and comfort level . people could bring you adventurous ideas in the first month , but the ideas will not be functional until maybe the spring . friends will want to do meaningful as well as fun things in november . make suggestions , expand , and enjoy . health , basic well - being , and solid daily routine are important in february and march . the last two months could introduce you to some of those secret admirers . if comfortable , be the answer to a special someone 's dream . $ it 's a glorious year for romance and partnerships of all kinds ! if secure in a relationship , you could go deeper still . the first month is filled with practical plans and innovative ways to make life work better . november and december may be full of friends , small errands , and short trips . a practical consideration at home could shake you free in january . pay more attention to your own needs in february . you do not have to face all this alone , however . a romantic connection or other loving assistance is yours from now till year 's end , and it 's especially powerful in the last two months ! $ find that new love , find a new facet in your current love , or perhaps see a stalled love come back to life ! any of these are possible this year . during the first month think clearly and be crystal clear about your role in relationships . in november friends provide a bit of levity and good , silly fun . a drastic change at home in january might alarm some but will work out perfectly . if romance rocks your world in april , you can rock back . work and your place in the world are solid and getting luckier and sweeter as the year ends ! $ something that surprised you in the past could come back to work its positive magic again ! think conservatively as the year opens , but if you see a clever new idea or approach to life , you 'll recognize it . money may preoccupy you in october , but it will mostly be other people 's money . learn some good and useful lessons for yourself . january zooms in on home and perhaps the dramatic resolution to some nagging dissatisfaction . trust your own taste and decisions in february . people may preoccupy you in april but the following months are all yours . be happy and productive . it 's an elegant , intimate final month ! $ solid solutions and pleasing results are priorities this year . even if they 're not yet attainable , you 're crafting how you want things to be and making plans to get there . inspiration brings practical ideas in october . money matters might also improve . take charge of fun as well as entertainment expenses in november . friends will be appreciative . make that small but all - important change at home in january . take better care and love yourself more in february . you deserve it . enjoy helping someone in may . you 're really helping yourself . the last two months are full of unexpected good luck , several blessings , hugs and kisses , too ! $ the world is a beautiful place , and this year you may find ways to enjoy and perhaps care for more of it . the year begins more concerned with the mundane but important daily life issues , but with no upsets or setbacks here your attention may begin to expand to bigger realms of your life . horizons may broaden in november when friends become interested in new places , cultures , or simply new restaurants . be good to yourself ( and your stomach ) in february . work seems steady and not overly demanding . if you 're not growing flowers , a lover may start bringing them before year 's end ! $ be articulate and charming this year , and perhaps speak for those who cannot speak for themselves . you know what matters . work and finances look stable enough to permit more public involvement - and enjoyment , too . cultivate diplomacy and find energetic companions in the first month . in november interact with sympathetic friends , but do not be overly ambitious . a home affair may need attention in january . people will offer help should you request it . respect your health and energy level in february . be highly visible in june . people will remember and seek you out again in july and august . better than fame - bask in good luck , good deeds , and love ! $ communicate with a lot of people and get your message across this year ! you know what you need , want , and would like to share with the world . it do not have to be in words . you 're already clever , but observe and develop more in october . money or some possession may also take on new meaning , so be alert . november is busy with friends and maybe some fantasies . budget your time . kick - start something big and wonderful at home in january . shine in public in june , and take that popularity with you to the end of the year . add great good luck , regal pleasures , and abiding love ! $ it 's a great year to focus on career and work - related plans and desires . if choosing or building a career , networking and word of mouth are two of your most powerful tools . your public presence and communication skills are topnotch , and you 'll be seen and heard , whatever you do . make it good ! your keenest discrimination ( and perhaps the most valuable lesson or insight of the year ) comes in october . be wise with money in november and quick to act in december . be bold with a partner in april . shine brightest in june , attracting a year 's worth of luck , love , and happiness ! $ work and home will cooperate and support each other for you this year , when there 's not an emotional tug of war happening . be practical , do your best wherever you are , and do not get pulled either way . make wise decisions in the first month , and do not second - guess yourself . be thoughtful with expenses in november . friends amuse you in december , but do not exhaust yourself or your credit line . someone at home may want you in january . springtime could freshen up the romance scene . be your best , most solid , and most popular at work in july . this shines straight into your home and love life through year 's end ! $ feelings and emotional attachments drive a lot of this year for you , especially about your work and public image . if you 're shy , it may be uncomfortable for a while , but there are advantages to a high profile . act thoughtfully in october . something nice could become affordable in november . let others do the loud talking in december . something you already love at home could improve in january . be flattered by a repeat offer of love in the spring . gain more support , experience , and respect in june . your heart leads the way through a year of brilliant achievements and great love ! $ enjoy great social activities and being part of a larger crowd ! reserve energy for home and other daily needs , but break out of the mold . if not yet up for excitement , sit quietly until the spirit moves you . honor your own needs and opinions in the first month , enjoy mutual material support with a loved one in november , then brace yourself for a busy , buoyant december . invitations , phone calls , and texts - some romantic - pour in during the springtime . screen those calls in april . august glitters with happy company and big events . slow down but do not cool down in the last month , when love may be sweetest ! $ many lucky chance encounters can happen for you this year ! you might never meet again , but your lives and hearts will be touched , perhaps in a deep , permanent way . the first month is rich with self - discovery . be grateful for insights and lessons . finances are stable and sensible in november and remain so even when tested by social demands late in the year . do what matters to you in december - good friends will join you . a brash love interest may find ( or re - find ) you in april or may , to return yet again in august . keep your heart strong ! it 's a magnificent , memorable year ! $ feel regal and act with nobility ! that 's how people see you , however you feel . strong , true feelings and powerful , clear thoughts are yours in october . remember or write these down . an old favorite comfort may sustain you through any insecurity in november . be gentle but firm if challenged by friends in december . healing dreams are yours in february . be realistic and health conscious , too . a romantic fling or celebrating the anniversary of one brightens your world in april and may . daily responsibilities remain under control and in the background , so the last two months can be as fun filled and socially satisfying as you please ! $ form your own impressions and make your own observations this year . your firsthand experience has never been so important . the first month , a karmic discovery awaits you to put a few puzzle pieces together . trust your judgment in november , but do not be too proud to double - check , particularly regarding money . a false impression or too much wishful thinking in february could be corrected near the end of the year . it 's never too late - or too early - to raise that psychic antenna and sharpen those powers of rational thought . your heart will benefit , too , and attract just the right kind of love and lover ! $ be your most charming and persuasive this year one on one . social and public settings will be pleasant and successful enough , but you 'll excel on the more intimate stage . late in october be considerate of others and yourself . combine shrewdness and tact to your financial advantage in november . if you take more initiative on the romance scene in april , it may still be hard to resist some old , cozy groove . regardless , enjoy the good times . good luck and high spirits in august may be fun but not so easy to share . the last month is all yours for your heart to treasure ! $ step into your own light this year ! a karmic peek into your own mind is possible in october . get finances and expenses under firmer control in november . fun and adventures near to home are on your cosmic agenda in december . friends will encourage this . love and be loved in a bolder and more vocal way in march . disagreements should not be necessary . even you should notice a more self - confident , outgoing mood by july and august . connect better with more people in the last two months , and leave room in your heart for that most intimate and special one ! $ it 's a year of self - discovery , and the awakening of new passions and self - love ! remember any birthday dreams and let a week pass before looking for hidden meanings . be financially responsible and solid in november , just on principle . you 're on sound footing . you may need some amusement with friends in december . love , with all its thrills and risks , enlivens the springtime . you will not have to be outrageous to get noticed . your social life heats up in august . be popular and see new places with new people . pay more attention to your health and appearance in the last month . it will make you even more lovable and charming ! $ be so mentally sharp and observant that others suspect you of reading their minds . overlook nothing , however small , and then easily make sense of what the world shows you . your psychic talents ( and they 're considerable ) are in addition to these mental skills . be at your best in october , and use what you learn all year long . december is active with friends , neighbors , and casual acquaintances . february is creative , fun , and dreamy . love sparkles and amazes you in march and april . be the figurehead in your social set in august ( although you do not have to pick up every tab ) . it 's a powerful , empowering year ! $ material well - being and basic financial health may attract your attention this year . the first month may give you a clearer picture of where and what you want to be in relation to others and the world at large . you may feel a tinge of insecurity and dissatisfaction in november and december . hold yourself to realistic standards ( not impossible ones ) , do the spreadsheet , and see that you 're really fine and under control . indulge in more free - spirited thoughts and pleasures in february . be relaxed but diligent all year long , and enjoy a few glamorous moments in august . it 's a year of love and treasures ! $ you may discover that the world really does love you and that you are your severest critic . finances may come under close personal scrutiny this year , especially in november and december . be reasonable and realistic , then treat yourself as well as you try to treat others . why imagine crises far worse than anything real ? spend time with friends in december . enjoy artistic , spiritual , or just plain fun in february . you deserve it . follow your heart and surprise yourself in april . be safe , of course . be more big - hearted in august and let others enjoy your company . let others love you at year 's end ! $ you could be the life of the party all year long and dance the nights away . friends , neighbors , and favorite family members are there for you - and you for them - when things get challenging or stalled this year . you may feel under budget constraints and in less than a party mood in november , but that turns around in december . a sudden , necessary change at home in january can greatly improve your peace of mind and family relationships . love may crash in on you in april . enjoy the thrill and do not feel threatened . social life spins in high speed in august . thrill to it all ! $ it 's a fiery , big - hearted year in which it may be hard to refuse any offer or request . friends and neighbors will not intend to intrude on you or your resources so much , but you may offer more than is practical or necessary . this may occur mostly in december . be calmer and just as friendly , and be creatively inspired in february . a languishing or long - forgotten relationship might flash to life in april . if it do not ring true in your heart , well , life is change , is it not ? be gracious anyway . august is a gloriously social time . a provocative love turns positively sweet at year 's end ! $ friends and fun times close to home will make this a pleasant , relaxing year ! you may save your special charms for an intimate few , but everyone will enjoy your company and idea of fun . make some new friends and try out a fresh social scene . money is fine , but watch that budget in november . a big change at home in january may keep you close , but there are great things to do nearby . a partner or love interest could surprise you in the springtime , or you may be the one doing the surprising . friends are your good luck ! be loved all year ! $ home and being happy may be big priorities this year . you 're practical minded and no doubt have some new ideas to make your home environment more to your liking . spend some of november writing down and costing out those plans . friends will be there in december to help you make changes and relax afterward . february may be the busiest or tensest . relax and enjoy what you 're doing . a creative or spiritual activity in march can help keep you on track . romantic excitement could light up your life in april or may . it 's a sunny year rich in comfort , company , and love ! $ it 's a great year to bring home life and social life into better accord and surround yourself with happy family and friends . your playful , clever nature encourages people to listen to what you have to say . older people and relatives may be drawn to you - and be generous - in november . be busy and renew contacts in december . january may draw you deep into a home concern that will greatly enhance your overall environment . do not stress over any changes . love suddenly enters the scene in april . enjoy some rare peace and quiet until august reignites life with big fun and affection ! $ listen to your inner child this year and watch happiness and creativity bloom ! you 're completely practical and methodical , so most people will not suspect your wild , playful inner life that makes everything else possible . be conservative about spending , especially in november , and have plenty of resources for the artistic fun you need . december could bring many invitations to parties at friends ' homes . intimate is good ! a major change or shakeup in january could startle you out of taking your own home for granted . great goodwill come from this , so relax . march is creative , april is loving , and summer is big fun ! it 's a transformative year ! $ your inner child is near the surface this year and will lead you to many joyous and creative times ! you 're smart and naturally cautious , so there should be very little risk involved . you may be especially cautious regarding money in the autumn , but this will relax and leave you with more than enough resources for everything you need and want . you may crave new romantic excitement in the spring . work and rest well so you can be ready for a boost in your social life in august . the last few weeks of the year may be the loveliest and most affectionate of all ! $ goodwill and the desire to help others may be what you want most to do this year , and that 's wonderful so long as you take good care of yourself , too . think clearly and responsibly in the first two months , have energy to burn in december , and be ready for any surprise from any friend in january . maintain healthy habits in february and march . a change in partners is possible in april , or perhaps an improvement in attitude between you . it 's all good . the last two months are gloriously busy , fun , and romantic , so rest up and be good to yourself ! $ you have a high - energy year ahead , with plenty of motivation to sweep through those important little things that used to slow you down . start by being methodical and patient , step up to being more efficient and capable ( especially regarding money ) in the second month , then you can burst out , perhaps with a few friends , and tackle the world in the third month . a disagreement or amazingly happy surprise from a partner may arise in april or may . after a few unperturbed months to work as usual , celebrate and enjoy congratulations from friends and lovers . it 's a satisfying , spectacular year ! $ love could light up your world in a big way this year ! if already together , what is already great may get unbelievably better . if single , that state may not last . if not interested , well , that could change . the first quarter of the year is rock solid and practical . you may imagine problems with money in november , but nothing is seriously wrong . dream and enjoy big fun in february . love explodes on the scene in april . after a few months to cool down , big - time romance strikes again in august . step back from the limelight and cozy up with your special flame at year 's end ! $ you 're especially well loved and appreciated this year . you may not hear the words , but they 'll be in people 's hearts . charm and exquisitely clear thinking are yours , starting with the first month . if you feel nervous about money in november , by december you 'll see just how well you 're doing . take good care of yourself in march and april , and do not be caught off guard by illness or fatigue . love embraces you from family , friends , and that magical secret other in may . continue treating yourself well and meeting life 's daily necessities , and be ready for a splendidly social summer . love overflows in the last month ! $ love is rarely so luxurious and secure as it will be this year . people will love you on sight , and that special someone will not be able to do enough to make you happy . your deeper , more serious nature will only make you more desirable and mysterious from the first month on . you 'll be interested in everything and friends will not be able to keep up , especially in winter . be safe and healthy in april and pampered in may and june . social life and work may overlap , to everyone 's benefit , starting in august . the last month may be the most charming and charmed of all ! $ you have all the energy and tenacity you want or need this year , so do not hesitate ! you 'll do everything with class and composure , too . you 'll always have the right word for the right person , starting in the first month . your authority and money decisions will be sound and unquestioned in november . reserve time and happily blow off steam with friends in december . respect your own well - being in march and april . in may someone may need a substantial favor . do what you can and feel good . work gets busy and lucrative in the summer . love and luxury round out a great year ! $ communicate perfectly , say what you really mean , and hear what others really intend . with your infinite charm and irresistible smile , people will gladly answer your questions . a subtle sense of humor endears you to people in the first month . your patient , practical grasp of money matters impresses others . do not be anxious about anything this year . time with friends may be important in december . a happy fantasy could make february pleasant . take extra good care of yourself in april . you deserve it . talk , listen , and maybe help someone out in june . work is steady and generous , private life and love even more so ! $ horizons broaden and the whole world becomes your learning place . the only hard part is staying focused on one thing long enough to fully understand it . it 's no matter when life is this interesting , engaging , and fun ! think deeply and clearly in the first month . if you 're insecure about money or possessions in november , relax . things are fine . be energetic and upbeat with friends in december . be safe and health conscious in april . maybe take a trip or watch an inspiring travelogue in june . you could have a lucky break or gratuity in the summer - oh , and extra - charming love as the year ends ! $ connect with people you care about , no matter how far away or how long since you saw them last . someone might contact you in the first month , or perhaps they 'll just come to mind . you could get sentimental about an old possession or souvenir in november and want to spring into action and spend time with more people in december . make a new spiritual friend or two in february . be sure to take good care of yourself , and do not experiment with too many crazy new diets in april . enjoy your work in the summer , and positively love the end of the year ! $ feel at home anywhere in the world this year , and get attached to a few new favorite places , people , and things . your great natural charm will make you popular no matter where you are . your clear , thoughtful nature makes you easy to get along with . being practical , energetic , and enthusiastic in the first three months will propel you through a successful , happy rest of the year . a brief escape into fantasy lightens up february . play it safe in april . a trip is possible in july . work is pleasant and plentiful in august . the last month is full of harmony , happiness , and love ! $ be more visible at work and pay more attention to how others see you . in the first month you may fine - tune your appearance and think about how to control what others think and say about you . just be your basic charming , competent self . be motivated to improve your income and manage money more wisely in november . take good care of yourself and glow with health in april . advancement at work , or perhaps more satisfying work , is possible in july and august . do not be overeager and chase any good luck away . it 's a powerful , successful year full of richness and love ! $ you 'll be on a lot of people 's radar this year , and having such a public presence will bring you much good luck . your mental and social skills are at their peak and work together flawlessly , starting in the first month . pace yourself and do not overwork , especially in november and april . money and possessions may motivate you in december , making it sometimes hard to slow down . find artistic or spiritual release in february . you glow in the work world in august . an increase in money , reputation , and recognition are all possible . be modest and know you 're worthy . enjoy a glorious , glamorous year ! $ it 's a great year to launch a new career or business or build a public image . you have plenty of energy and motivation to excel at dealing with large numbers of people , making everyone happy . speak with gentle authority in the first month . if you 're feeling a bit old , that will stop when energy booms for you in december . do not overextend or get overambitious , but reserve some of that extra motivation and money . be joyful and inspired . respect your health in february and march . be strong and rested for summer - you 'll be at your most conspicuous , competent , and lucky ! $ associations , clubs , and social life are big - and lucky - priorities this year . people relate to you easily and enjoy your company , which can mean networking success . if you need more private time in the first month , it could be scarce . in december people will give you many leads and fuel your drive for more money and possessions . there could be a major shift or change in your neighborhood in january . be safe and healthy in april . star at work and perform well in august . friends , fans , and supporters admire you in the last two months - and so does that special intimate someone ! $ think big , talk with lots of people , and go out and be seen ! it 's no time to hide out with a small circle of friends and associates . think instinctively before you act in the first month , and balance charm and mature sophistication . a monetary windfall ( maybe some borrowed money returned to you ? ) or valuable gift may find you in december . say thank you . dream big in february . avoid needless risks in april , and play it safe and happy . be more prominent at work in august , and do not shirk from being more in charge . get social and popular in september . it 's a fun , fabulous year ! $ you can build complicated teams and partnerships and keep as many of your actions as quiet as you please this year . you can achieve a huge amount behind the scenes , and people will appreciate your discretion . you 're at your most charming and clever . your authority is strong in the first month . december ignites your drive to acquire better income and possessions . wishful thinking in february attracts people to you in march . be realistic and take care of yourself in april . a lucky career break or some public action raises your prestige . the last month is extremely powerful for you - smart , sexy , and immensely comforting ! $ take the soft approach and use your infinite charm and sharp wit , starting in the first month , and be successful and well received all year long . act with authority and maturity . respect your health and any physical limitations , however . find new sources and connections for income and desired possessions in december . a sudden change near home could affect you and your friends in january . be healthy and safe in april and stay active and energized . work is lucrative and lucky in the summer . the last month is intimate and full of luxury and love ! it 's a magnificent year ! $ popularity and charm are among your greatest secret weapons this year . you seem to read people 's minds and hearts , and nobody can resist your personal magic one - on - one . speak with a more conservative and respected voice in the first month . work hard behind the scenes in december and be rewarded for your efforts . share your creative imagination with others in february . take some extra precautions in april and respect your health . eat and rest well . good times and generous work situations fill august . in the last month thinking is stellar , feelings are powerful and empathetic , and love is tremendous ! $ niceness gets serious for you this year as you realize just how great it is to be able to be both . a deeper side of you emerges early , and people instantly respect you more and listen to what you have to say . you can modify this to suit your place and company , and your instincts will be flawless . be smart and ambitious in december . be conservative and a bit self - protective in april and commanding at work in august . things go your way socially in september . the year ends with you in full control of your critical thinking and tender feelings . love and be loved deeply ! $ think clearly , sharply , and quickly all year long . others may get confused from time to time , but you 'll instantly see through to what 's most important to solve any problem . be good to yourself , but do not take yourself too seriously , especially in the first few months . work hard in december and see material gains , though not as big as your dreams . dream big again - spiritually this time - in february . work opportunities and good luck explode for you in august . the last month is for retrospection , a bit of cool quiet time , and maybe some hot love ! have a sharp , sizzling year ! $ you 're on fire to make your mark and win whatever prize has caught your eye . while money and material possessions may be the superficial focus , your mind and heart will not stop there . being responsible and mature gains you popularity as the year begins . people will work with you in december to the material benefit of all . you 're extremely practical and motivated , a powerful combination . enjoy a meditative or spiritual respite in february and emerge stronger . be safety conscious in april . be prominent and effective at work in august to even more benefit and respect . in the last month reflect , relax , and get romantic ! $ your mind and heart are strongly in sync this year , bringing great material progress . you add sincere charm and maturity to everything you do , and people respond to this . take your well - being seriously , and be at your strongest and best all year long . self - motivation gets practical in december , and doors will open and lucrative offers will be made to you . be proactive , inventive , but cautious in april and see daily benefits , however modest . be popular , masterful , and in charge of your situation at work in august . your private thoughts and most intimate feelings come out full force at year 's end ! $ this is a high - octane year for you , when there will be no stopping you once you get going ! money and possessions ( including your own body ) are of utmost concern , and you 'll pursue the best and the most you can achieve all year . your serious concern for others gives you a great advantage , and so does your determination to take care of business . be smart and steer clear of any risky situations or actions , so be safe and healthy . be lucky at work in august , though everything might not be easy . enjoy a year vastly rich in affluence and affection ! $ friends and good times near to home smooth out a busy year . you 're popular and people trust you . slightly more old - fashioned manners or presentation could improve how people see you . be keen and active in pursuit of more income or material acquisitions in december . heavy - duty january is when friends or neighbors might present a scare . do not get nervous or paranoid stay cool and practical and help others cruise through the event . good feelings and intentions abound at home . good health and basic safety deserve extra attention . perform well at work in august and gain prestige and possibly future benefits . it 's a brilliant year ! $ desire for security and good times with friends and family may tug at your heart this year . a gracious , graceful attitude endears you to older relatives and especially female friends in the first three months . a strong practical streak may cause people to turn to you for help and advice in january . there 's plenty of time and outlet for pleasant times and fun , so do not let any imaginary fears ruin this for you . home is a more magical and inspiring place in february . be healthy and safe in april , and very successful at work in the summer . have a bright , loving year ! $ imagine what you want to do and have at home , and set in motion some of those changes now . older relatives and friends - and possibly some older women friends - will instantly understand and support you . work hard in december , see more cash flow , and save and apply to your future plans . a big change in the life of a friend or neighbor in january could further set you in motion . be inspired and inspiring at home . avoid any hazards , major or minor , in april . after some stunning good luck at work in summer , prepare for peace and massive love as the year ends ! $ be lucky and prominent all year ! you may be very productive behind the scenes , but you 're going to be spending more time at center stage , so do not overlook how productive that can be , too . cultivate extra charm and quiet good sense the first month . money may come , go , and come again in january . this will only further motivate you . home life becomes sweet and satisfying in february . hearts meet and dreams come to life . have mischievous fun in april . dazzle people at work and in public , with recognition and reward to come , especially in august . calm reflection and warm affection complete a great year ! $ your fondest wishes and plans for home may take work , but you have the vision , the means , and the luck to accomplish wonderful things for your home and family . accept invitations and suggestions in the first two months . a money matter could flare in january , resolving very much in your favor . your home environment gets refined , dreamy , and more comfortable and comforting in february and march . spread your wings and be creative in april . work becomes important in august . do your best , be gracious , and reap great rewards . september and october are more subdued and private . a romantic revelation answers a karmic question at year 's end ! $ have great fun and share great joy with many people this year ! derive maximum satisfaction by being creative and encouraging others to follow their dreams . you 're attractive , smart , and patient , so the year may start slowly , but it will not be boring . keep track of your money in january , and do not make any rash decisions . home will be a dreamy refuge in february and march . the most intense time could be april and may . make the most of it . luck and popularity peak in july and august . make the most of this , too . an important lesson in october will serve you well for a long time ! $ surprise and the ability to turn the unexpected your way will be superpowers for you this year ! maintain control , do not get carried away with the thrill , and see great things happen almost on their own . being popular and practical brings many friends and allies in the first month . a money surprise could happen in january , so be sharp and do not overreact . relax with family in february . watch for wild fun and romance in april . be in the spotlight and prosper at work all summer long . catch your breath and cozy up to a smarter , more serene relationship in the last month ! $ be a bundle of energy on a daily basis this year ! if work or home routines get boring , you 'll find endless ways to vary things and keep your interest fresh . take good care of your health and make incredible progress . be financially motivated in january and generate some extra income . be motivated for some fresh fun in april and may . keep track of the little things in june . expertly handle big things at work in august and see rewards . schedule quiet time in the last two months and have a private insight with positive karmic results . extra love and good company conclude the year ! $ decide what you really want to have and then apply slow , steady pressure to make it happen ! be pleasant and practical with everyone , and make new friends to share your adventures this year . impatience with money or some valued possession could cause some stress in january . relax and do not imagine difficulties . in may and june you may question your resolve , but be systematic , trust your judgment , and find your answers . a big lucky break at work or in some other public setting in august could take you to a higher place . love , wisdom , and a personal insight are yours this year ! $ love , romance , and all things charming and seductive will surround you this year ! some will be fantasy , but very few . love will have substance and solidity , to have and to hold . the first month set your intentions , establish your style , and let companions know what you like and expect . appearances matter . watch the budget because shopping could be big in february . a wild romantic fling in april has thrills but will not last . in may and june your heart settles down and you could meet that special someone . be big - hearted all summer . insightful discussion and deep affection fill the last few months ! $ love sparkles as never before ! if you 're looking for that ideal heartthrob , more than one could show up at your door . if you 're not , love is still going to be the prime mover for this year . in the first month you may have the tastes of a perfectionist , but you crave variety , too . one big night out in january might need the whole month 's budget if you 're not careful . recover in comfort at home during february and march . june promises the most romantic times , thrilling new places , and elegant occasions . feel regal ( if not worshipped ) all summer . treasure those memories at year 's end ! $ you 'll be a natural problem solver this year . even when there 's no time to think , you 'll spot the solution right away . as the year starts you 'll be thinking in simple , direct , practical ways that cut through the most complex of situations . a financial matter in february will be easily resolved . your people - pleasing skills will also smooth the way . relax and enjoy home life in february and march . kick up those heels and dance in april ! be the center of attraction in august . watch the summer 's great good luck persist all the rest of the year . be especially loved and appreciated in the last few months ! $ taking care of business ranks high for you this year , and a lot of that business may not even be yours . be patient , listen , and take time to reply , especially with loved ones in the first two months . keep to that budget and stay secure in january . make your home more loving and lovely in february . in april surprise someone with an old favorite trick they 've never seen you do . june and july may be busy with other people 's concerns . do what you can and have no regrets . win hearts in august and win minds in october . it 's a splendid , loving year ! $ enjoy a lot of mutual concern and give and take among friends and family this year . no one will feel stranded or forgotten when times are easy or rough . be the tactful voice of reason for your family in the first few months . put more energy into increasing income in january , and see quick results . mind the budget , though . decompress with some mildly crazy fun in april and may . people may need one another in july - be there and be cherished . be sublimely lucky and popular in august . as the year ends , be greatly respected , loved , and admired ! $ big thinking and big family support take you very far this year ! spend the first month being clear about how you want to look and act , and then be practical about pursuing your immediate goal . take one thing at a time . some extra energy and attention to budget and earnings will pour added income your way in january . a sweet dream at home in february could enter the waking world . be popular and widely respected in july and august . casual friends may look at you differently after october . a true love will never lose sight of the real you , though . it 's a love - filled year ! $ take the long view this year and be bold in your plans for the future . big changes for the better could be set in motion now . practicality and good presentation will help you accomplish a lot in the first month . be bold but not daring or reckless with money in january if a big opportunity comes your way . nurture that big private dream in march . creative boldness can bring success in april . see and be seen in july and august . be self - assured and comfortable with others . you may reassess some of your decisions and opinions in the last month . let yourself be richly loved ! $ your challenge this year is to not doubt your great good luck and to feel deserving of all the success that 's coming your way . you have all the social graces and good sense needed to achieve your goals , so step out of the shadows , smile , and proceed . the first month is crucial to building momentum , so allow no excuses . a financial opportunity could open up in january . be smart and decisive . a spiritual touchdown may bring you comfort in february . opportunity , timing , and popular support are all yours in august . do not be nervous and look the other way . it 's a bright , golden , love - filled year ! $ your lucky star is shining bright , bringing you more popularity , respect , and recognition than you feel prepared to receive . people love you , and you return the affection . in the first month give thought to how you want the world to see you and then conform to your own view of you . money may come and go and come again in january . be practical and prepared . spend some healing time at home in february . july and august will put you in the spotlight and bring many people your way . a quiet person may have a special love for you . sweet , intimate memories reflect this rich year ! $ career , prosperity , and success come together for you this year ! as your daily work advances your career plans , happiness and fulfillment follow . your authority will be respected , starting in the first month . people will like you and like how you do things . a business or money opportunity ( or outright gift ) might appear in january . be sharp , smart , and gracious . friends provide fanciful amusement in february . april has exciting fun . august and september are your months to shine brightest at work and in public . in the last month look back at how far you 've come and see how much love surrounds you ! $ people will hear your voice and want to hear what you have to say ! they will mostly agree and comply , too . make new friends in the first month , though some may not last long . money or a valuable article might come your way in january . you know how to take good care of things . friends give you a spiritual lift in february . crazy fun or hot romance flashes in april or may . be thrust into the public eye in august , and be a central figure at work in september , all to your great credit . it 's a smart , shining , and sexy year ! $ let people into your life and they will take you good places ! if not much of a joiner or group person , you may become one in a minor way this year . after the first month you 'll feel as attractive as people perceive you to be . have confidence in your money - handling abilities , too , particularly in january and february when there may be more money to handle . relax with neighborhood friends in march . be bold but not reckless in april and may . watch the budget in august and participate in community generosity . from october until year 's end is rich in company and intimate love ! $ trust yourself , let people support you , and succeed ! relax any severe self - criticism in the very first month and cheerfully go out there and try things . energy , money , and a sudden opportunity are yours in january . be sensible but not reticent . talk to people and ask opinions and advice , especially in february . you 'll hear hopes and wishes as often as practical tips . all may be useful in time . be a rebel in april and then let it go . get happily lost in a generous crowd in august . october and november have karmic insights and connections that show you just how deeply you 're respected and loved ! $ social life and friends may become more important to you this year ! be your normal , friendly self , but let your heart open to better appreciate true friends and kindred spirits . money or some big gift in january could bring you new friends , some of them fair - weather ones . you 'll spot them . time with established , trusted friends in february more than makes up for past excitement . break out in april with some passionate fun . be safe , though . dance in the big crowd in august and then waltz into october , when you may prefer a smaller group . the year is full of fun , good people and better and better love ! $ have some brilliant insights about the people in your life . you do not have to share your new knowledge with anyone , though you might confide in one or two special intimates . people like you and will want to talk with you , especially in the first month . the second month , real life and money concerns may steal your attention and be of great benefit later . this could come in handy at home in april . your social life picks up in august , though you may not feel totally connected with everyone . the last month gets intense , perhaps with a secret uncovered and the return of a deep love ! $ it 's a new year and a new you with fresh passion in your heart ! people may please you more , and they will be drawn to your sheer love of life . in january a passion - or just a better appreciation - for money and possessions could spur you to find more income in a more pleasing way . if a friend hurts your feelings in february , forgive and forget . make a small but radical change at home and be happy . do something social and grand , but affordable , in august . the last month look back critically but sympathetically on all you 've done and enjoyed . it 's a passionate , love - filled year ! $ be your own shining light this year and see how many people love and follow you ! no matter what great advice or recommendations you receive , your decision will be the right one . let material concerns motivate you in january and perhaps acquire more than you anticipated . be there for friends in february , but do not take everything personally . touch up something at home and greatly please yourself , if no one else . august is festive , if expensive , so take care . the last two months are full of plans , reconsideration , and memories . you know who loves you . be loved and love back . it 's a very powerful year ! $ your generous spirit drives you forward to happiness and success ! keep yourself in the equation of life , help others , and greatly help yourself . material well - being is the focus of january , and you have energy and luck to profit from all your work . friends offer relief , comfort , and fun in february . in march and april fill your home with a fresh feeling that 's pure you . august can get exhausting and expensive , so respect some limits , as hard as that may be . the last month may have some frustrations , but do not get impatient or question any decisions you 've made this year . live and love to the fullest ! $ money and material security may be on your mind a lot this year , and you have the resources and support to take care of it all ! cheerfully work hard at what you love , and banish any anxieties . from the first , people like you and want you to succeed . january brings the first and perhaps biggest opportunity to nail down more income and financial security . be realistic , pragmatic , and proactive . watch expenses in august , but do not stint or feel deprived . in the last two months appraise this successful year , with plans for more success to come . be proud , love yourself , and be loved ! $ be brave and bold - hearted and charge through the year ! nothing can hold you back once you set a direction and goal for yourself . most of your energy and attention will go into practical projects , work , and money , so you could go very far indeed . january will be the most opportune time , so stay sharp and be ready . in the spring make a big personal change at home and have the comfort and peace you want and need . in august and september public concerns may impose , but you will not lose focus . end the year with a lot of gain in both material wealth and great affection and love ! $ the practical side of life will hold fewer mysteries for you this year ! finances and material possessions may occupy your attention , but you 'll never lose sight of the bigger picture or forget what all your work is for . people will see this and want to be with you and help when they can from the first month on . january could be the most intense and busy , so be ready for anything . august puts you in the public eye or socially more central . in the last few months you 'll see how far you 've come , how much you 've learned , and how very much love you 're receiving ! $ happy birthday greetings to you ! if you 're starved for new people , places , and things , you 'll be thrilled with this year . great variety and all things bright and beautiful will catch your eye , entertain , and enlighten you . you radiate charm , and people will enjoy your company . extra money could suddenly appear in january . see how much you can retain . february and march are happy , stimulating times at home and on short outings with friends . august lets you indulge your passions in a bigger way with more people . keep expenses under control if you can . the last two months hold the most personal progress and the deepest love and regard ! $ be inspired by your friends and share your loftiest aspirations and goals with those most intimate with you . you 're exceptionally charming this year , so people may spontaneously confide their dreams to you . be sympathetic and respectful . money and material concerns may take precedence in january . you 'll be skillful and energetic without forgetting your inspiration . friends and family reenergize you in march and april . be dynamic and popular in public in august . a karmic moment at work in october reinforces your resolve . the last two months are full of love and heartfelt wisdom from someone who may know you better than you know yourself ! $ it 's a pivotal year to complete something big or perhaps create a firm foundation for a long - cherished dream . either way , it 's a year of success , stability , and deep , strong roots into a prosperous future . self - confidence and support from friends and family are yours . money is there , too , though it may go out as well as come in . budget and plan accordingly . what you enjoy at home and with friends in the spring will expand and bring you popularity in the late summer . by october you 'll have accomplished a great deal and see ways to build on it . love is part of your foundation this year , too ! $ an endless supply of quiet charm can take you through a busy , productive year . be motivated to handle all manner of money issues in january , organize finances , and possibly see some improvement in income . do not think big - think practical . february has plenty of fun and fantasy escapes with good friends . see your home in a new light in march and april and be more happy and comfortable all the rest of the year . your small gestures and efforts will have big results , at work as well as socially , from august until year 's end . learn , love , and be loved in the biggest way ! $ overflow with energy and passion , and see a lot of lingering loose ends tied up and laid to rest . a smile at the right time can resolve a problem . imagine what an appropriate hug could do . january and february may be busy with earning more income and spending more time with friends , so be realistic and seek a balance . april and may enrich your home life and give you a stronger sense of direction . august may briefly put you in the public eye , but a temporary change can be good for morale . end the year smarter , more stable , and more secure in all your relationships . $ this year you 'll have a taste for fun and living life to the fullest . people will flock to your side , so there will be no lack of company or inspiration . you may do something new in the very first month that sticks with you for a long time . keep expenses in hand during january and a better cash flow is possible . friends provide dreamy entertainment in february . a family member could surprise you in april . relax . it 's nothing very new . summer offers bigger boisterous fun . balance work and play in october and benefit greatly . it 's a year of popularity , generosity , and love ! $ crazy fun and adventure may tug at you at times , but you have built - in restraints that keep the situation under control ! be both bold and realistic , and fulfill some of those dreams and urges . your work ethic ignites in a big way in january , giving you opportunities to improve your income . friends and big fantasies may fill up february . enjoy , but do not expect perfection . a smart but crazy - looking idea may solve an old problem at home in march or april . pursue your own plans uninterrupted , with a dash of big summer fun , and conclude the year wiser , admired , and greatly loved by someone you least expect ! $ your daily routine can be a great source of pleasure and discoveries this year if you can sit still long enough ! restlessness may be an issue , but never boredom . your natural charm will bring new people to you who will introduce you to no end of clever new places and things . money should be abundant , though you might want to spend more , often intending to share . enjoy , but remember to budget . receive generosity in august and september . an observation at work in october enhances your people skills . love and wisdom in love touch you in the last two months . it 's an exciting year ! $ romance and the yearnings for new love could fill your heart all year long . you will not need to go looking , since charm pours from your very presence . be careful about whom you smile ( or even look ) at ! in february imagine your dream partner and it could happen by june . be wildly popular all year , especially in summer . from august until year 's end people will want to treat you well . respond in kind , as finances allow . a karmic meeting could occur in october , but it may not click until much later . spend the closing months in a warm embrace of soulmate quality ! $ love touches many aspects of your life this year . be quietly popular and have many people seek you out for company and comfort . they will not all be needy - some will have comfort to offer you . someone may appreciate a change in you that you have not noticed or acknowledged . money and material concerns may profitably occupy you in late january . friends present a pleasant escape ( and perhaps a small problem or two ) in february . open discussions and open hearts are a theme for the whole year , but especially june . people greatly love you in august . gently touch many hearts by year 's end ! $ love of self , love of home , and that special tender , romantic love will guide this year ! you may be lured into loving the outlandish , too , especially in the first month . self - interest and a desire to have more to share will motivate you to work harder in february . friends may urge you to relax in march . consider it . something you love at home may displease a loved one in april . by june it will all be forgotten . be of service to people in august , and then give them the pleasure of pleasing you . great love and keen insights are yours before year 's end ! $ great forces gather beneath the surface of this low key year ! your intellect and people skills are at their peak , but you may still crave some major change . go easy on yourself and others all year . money and your talent for finding more are more than adequate , though you may question this in january and july . be realistic and plan accordingly . let friends pursue fantasies in february . you may not want to relocate , but an opportunity could arise in april . be realistic . relationships and love surround you as the months unfold ! if dissatisfied with your considerable progress , treasure all the love ! $ you do not have to solve everyone 's problems this year , but you certainly have the strength and know - how to do so . be sweet and firm as the year begins . see a radically different side of yourself in january . this can benefit you in your finances and in the work world in february and october . a change at home or with family could be big but no surprise in april or may . people may keep you busy with their problems in july and august . listening can be helpful , too . honesty and heart - warming clarity in an established love affair are yours in the final months ! $ it 's a generous , joy - filled year when the good luck you lavish on others reflects back on you ! the first month may be one of the richest , so open your heart right away . the second is rich in energy and drive to better yourself and your financial state . although things are fine , anything can be improved . friends can inspire you the next month . home life could see a simple but radical improvement in april and may . master a difficult situation in august and earn great respect . if your social life slows a bit , you may welcome the change of pace . it 's a love - filled , generous year ! $ you may not feel like a perfectionist , but this year you are . you have that magic touch to do all the little things exquisitely right . start the year listening and watching , and see method in any madness . work diligently in february and earn money as well as fondness and respect . keep aspirations high but expectations low in february and march . a surprise at home could distract you in april but will not make you careless . be wise , generous , and lucky for others - and you - in august . maybe cut back on social groups in november and spend more time relaxing with that special love ! $ make plans for a trip that 's been calling to you . it may not be far , but it will be far enough from daily routine to freshen your attitude , warm your heart , and expand your mind . even an imaginary trip can make possible a brilliant , accomplished year . be on the move in the first month and get inspired . be ambitious and successful in january and february . you 'll notice how much more you can do for yourself and others ( with apparently no extra effort ) in august and september . then love your peace and quiet , and the cozy affection that comes with it , the last few months ! $ you may feel a tug of war between wanting to live on the grand scale but work on the ideal , detailed , smaller scale . why choose when you can pursue both and succeed ? do serious brainstorming on the biggest plans the first month . the second month be motivated , ambitious , and willing to go it alone even if you 're working on behalf of others . respect a setback at home in april , but do not stop . august opens a lucky period . share , then greatly benefit . in september focus on details and advance socially . go slowly , love yourself , and attract lasting love in the last two months ! $ be popular wherever you go ! if not the brightest star , you 'll still shine and hear people call your name . your thoughts are lofty and your charm has practical aims . surprise yourself in the first month . be financially sensible and make great progress in february . relax with some wild , crazy friends in april . brilliant ideas and actions in august may not work out as planned . it is not your fault . smile and keep going . october is bright with popularity , success at work , and maybe a karmic gift . the last few months are calm , quiet , and passionate in all the right ways ! $ find that ideal job , excel at the work you have , or maybe finally recognize the work that feeds your soul ! you 're also a powerful people person , so work that crowd and nurture those relationships . the friends and decisions you make in the first two months will mean a lot in the summer and fall . make financial and business contacts in february and march . break loose with friends in april . enjoy being needed in august . favors done now will return many - fold . shine at work and in public in october , but be mindful of changes to come . respect , admiration , and love are all yours this year ! $ get serious about the work you love and see a year of success ! it 's easy to think through the big picture and then put together practical and popular plans that work like a charm . what looked like mere dreams last year can begin to happen in the first couple months . be ambitious and focused on a dream in march . extra money could follow . friends may disagree in april but no one will leave you . solve someone 's big problem and make a big impression in august . career opportunities abound in october . quiet , sincere , long - term affection finds you and ends the year with love ! $ career and a strong public presence can take you where you want to go ! clear , solid thinking and masterful social skills are only two of your gifts this year . work hard in february , do not underestimate yourself , and improve your finances . friends may tempt you into unwise but fun old habits in april . be nice but stay practical and decline . be big - hearted in august and september , but again , stay practical . a karmic lesson in october could redirect your career path . a change made now could have big ramifications . be patient and wise . indulge in more private - and more intimate - times in the closing months ! $ social life may be more important , pleasant , and productive this year ! how do the demands of your social activities add to or subtract from the rest of your life ? at first you may want to do more of everything with everyone , but this will calm down in late february and march when you focus more on the practical aspects of daily life , pay bills , and earn more income in a pleasant way . frivolous friends grow boring in april . your generous spirit returns in august and september but in a wiser , more sensible form . great progress , admiration , and affection conclude a powerful year ! $ do countless good works and random acts of kindness this year . most will be anonymous , so leave the glory to others . be rewarded in other , more material ways , especially in february and march ( when you might be most active and motivated ) . step outside the box ( not that you 're in one ) with friends and have some profitable fun in april and may . do something small in september and come to the rescue in a big way for someone special . it 's a year of blessing others and being blessed , most especially with love . feel good about yourself and your whole life every day ! $ spread those angel wings and fly this year ! it do not get much more fun than that , and the benefits are great . think things through clearly and practically on a daily basis , starting in the first month , and watch your daily life graciously improve . this includes dealing with money , especially in february . energy and ambition peak now , and will carry you through several productive months . in august your generosity assists someone and brings you rewards , too . do a public deed in october , small to you but big in others ' eyes . tender love surrounds you all year , especially in the last month ! $ here 's a powerful , peaceful year that 's anything but boring ! it 's rare to get this much opportunity to focus on your own stuff , work hard , and move forward by leaps and bounds . the first two months are the most dynamic , but the whole year gives you elbow room for progress . budget smartly and work hard in the second month and bring a dream to life . friends may doubt in april , but they 'll come around . someone may need your support in august . a karmic door opens for you in october . take good care of yourself from november on , and share more quality time with a special someone ! $ it 's the year to treat yourself well and accomplish many things that the world has made difficult in the past . surprise and maybe pleasantly shock a few people with your straightforward , practical boldness . the first two months hold the most stellar assistance , so work hard , get finances and budget in keen focus , then blast unhindered through the year . shed a useless old habit in april . august lets you bless and be blessed . a karmic insight in october will improve many future relationships . the last two months are all yours , with love , quiet popularity , fondness , and comfort . you 've earned it ! $ the year is full of remarkable insights and valuable lessons . use them wisely and do not look down on yourself or others for any previous oversights or mistakes . use the early months to hone your skills at managing money and earning more , if needed . stand up for yourself and deepen friendships in april and may . your heart is in tune with the needs of others in august and september . be practical and all will benefit . the most valuable bolt from the blue may strike in october . process it slowly and calmly . be sociable and let others love you , especially in the last two months ! $ it 's a brilliant year full of personal power and few obstructions to your goals ! the opening weeks of the year are the most intense ( and intensely helpful ) , so spot opportunities and pounce . you 're full of energy all year , especially in the second month . organize finances , nail down a realistic budget , and make great progress . if friends disapprove of something in april , it 's simply a difference in taste . you know what you like . if expenses increase in august , be patient . it 'll turn around . make a karmic connection in october , then be socially active ( but not wildly so ) and privately pampered and loved ! $ dreams of material bliss may inspire you this year . you 're energetic enough to assure that a few of these dreams could happen , so stay realistic and resist the urge to give away as quickly as you acquire . great things may be possible in the future , so yes , dream then plan wisely . the busiest months may be the first three , so act right away . question old habits and stale advice in march and april . be of great service - and be compensated - in august . a karmic partnership could broaden a horizon for you in october . go places physically and emotionally . it 's a loving , inspired year ! $ be shockingly clever , socially smooth , work hard for your own causes , and make a lot of good things happen ! your own talents put you ahead in the first month . skill at handling and pursuing money will advance you in the second . be prudent in what you choose to do and come out ahead every time . you may bewilder old friends and family in april . be understanding but undeterred . august lets you help someone out . do it , if you can . enjoy a cool , comforting social scene in the last few months , with great love in more intimate settings . it 's a power - packed year ! $ find countless surprising delights close to home and in the company of choice friends and family this year . be amazing all year , but do not take yourself too seriously . the first two months are high energy - you can accomplish the most the fastest - so pace yourself . be productive and see income improve . emotions may calm down in march and april , but you 'll have the most fun now . work hard for others but do not exhaust yourself in august and september . watch for enlightenment in october . november and december , tone down social interactions and see passion and affection pour in from a long - time lover ! $ some old habits will surprise you and serve you well , but others may hold you back . you 're smart . you 'll see things differently this year . be patient - wise decisions will follow . the first three months may be busy and confusing , so refuse to be rushed . money and prospects for more income are good , especially in february , but do not be frivolous . you may be less than pleased with friends in march and april . do not get short - tempered and emotional . feel good about everyone again in august , and enjoy reciprocal generosity . in the last two months dispel any regrets about past decisions and accept great love from many people ! $ home , luxuries , permanence , and stability may draw you more than in the past . in the first month use fresh ideas and social contacts to pursue a modest dream . your energy bursts its bounds the second month , and nothing is too high for your aim . be sensible and win admiration with your success . money improves with persistence , so work hard and do not give it all away . complete a big project at home april and may and feel secure all year long . easily solve someone 's big problem in august and gain more respect . a great , long - lasting love finds you in the closing months ! $ the comforts of home and the love of family may bring you great pleasure and be easier than ever this year . the first month you may effortlessly become the heavy lifter on many projects and not even notice . skillfully make easy work of managing your own financial and material concerns , especially in february . others might be helping behind the scenes . surprising news could come in april . be content and intuitive about home and family affairs in may . be bustling and happy in august . big crowds may be burdensome in november , but intimate groups and more quality love time can fix all ! $ it 's a great year full of creative comforts and a few innocent guilty pleasures ! keep control of those expenses and even the guilt can go away , leaving pure pleasure . with a little thought in the first month , you can generate more charm and even sex appeal for the rest of the year . february brings ideas and opportunities to improve the money flow . april allows for some old favorite but still radical fun with friends . june is the richest and most creative . be lucky for others and benefit in august . slow down in november for some quiet , cozy , affectionate fun . be smart but enjoy every day ! $ have a blast and share your clever , creative happiness with everyone ! you have the gift of charming , surprising , memorable speech , and you 're quick on your feet . be productive and busy with money matters in february , although your dreams may be bigger . stay real and profit . friends cheer and distract you in april . do what pleases you most in may and june , though it may be hard to explain to others . in august someone else 's concerns could cost some of what you gained in february . be compassionate but sensible . social contact may cool in december . enjoy the peace . big - hearted love is yours all year ! $ love yourself more and let more love find you ! whether it 's exciting and new or already established and deep , let a powerful love fill your whole year . an urge for change could strike you in april and bring new people into your life . be passionate but respectful of your own needs and responsibilities . everyone may idolize you in august and september . enjoy it , but do not be serious about it . your public image shines bright in november and december . be modest and sensible and attract even more love . a social storm may briefly interrupt january . the year ends smartly and with an idealistic love . $ love those little rituals of daily life and maybe find a tender new love and partner to share more of your life . sometimes the best things - and people - have modest appearances and are easily overlooked . not this year ! in april romantic sparks could fly and send you chasing after something ( or someone ) radically different . go back to a quieter , more productive routine until august , when summer fun rocks the romance boat . the heart beats fastest in september . in late november be cool and connect with other cool heads . friends , trusted companions , smart decisions , and lofty dreams are yours at year 's end ! $ passion runs high , so pay attention and do not miss out if a fated partnership , romance , or friendship appears out of nowhere this year ! in april you may need a change , or just more excitement , so make an effort to not be impulsive or impatient with yourself or others . you 'll want to work hard and make progress , especially in august , when you might overdo things and burn out for a bit . be good to yourself . in late september and october a new person may enter your life , perhaps someone you first met in april . passion turns practical in december , and love never leaves the scene all year ! $ create more harmony and enjoy smoother partnerships of all kinds this year . people are cooperative and find you more fun to be with , starting in the first two months . be sharp in april and make the most of unexpected opportunities and meet - ups with flamboyant people . be accomplished in the following months , especially august , when what 's best for you is also good for others . love sweetens any deal made in october , but the pleasures may not last all year . passions rise and you may work harder in december . friends and lovers are all around you in january and february . love and dream big ! $ matters of the heart may feel serious and urgent this year . consult your head , and sometimes put yourself in the other person 's place for perspective and a sense of balance . in april you may be tempted to do or say something impulsive and a bit wild . keep control of your emotions and spend more time with pleasant , agreeable people . be ambitious and accomplished for several undisturbed months . passion flares in august . relax and be good to yourself . be more easygoing and enjoy a summer - long party atmosphere . october could be tense and passionate . relax more with friends in the closing months of an emotionally exciting year ! $ be energized and serious about all you do this year ! that includes having fun . you might be the center of excitement in april , or you may spring a huge surprise on everyone . be humble in public and thrilled in private . save some passion for your own well - being in august and have a great fun - filled summer . other people take up your time in october , but it will be good for you later , too . feel serious and work hard in december . in january a big change at work could happen around you . stay settled . friends and that special love are never far away ! $ it 's a passion - filled year , equally filled with opportunities to take you far . any hard work you 're able to do will be rewarded . march and april are times for experimenting , perhaps even with a wild notion or two . be sensible , not reckless , and be as ambitious and popular as you please . keep up a steady effort and enjoy a glorious , glamorous summer . november and december are also busy , ambitious times . do not doubt yourself now . if things are stirred up at work in january , you can come out on the lucky end . be smart , ambitious , and idealistic all year . be well loved and popular , too ! $ make your mark on the world with steady , serious effort and sheer persistence . with so much passion and drive behind you it can be fun , too . use april to think outside the box and try new approaches to old problems . stay even - tempered and avoid getting hyper . invent what you need . summer fun and popularity will give you more opportunities and popularity in august . try to moderate your activities , keep a sane schedule , and stay healthy . december is another prime time to shine , so do your best . ride out any changes at work in january . friendly affection and sweeter love round out a stellar year ! $ your best efforts will take you far this year . ambition is great and you 're motivated to help others as much as yourself . march and april may be chaotic and full of accidental events and surprises . stay safe and sensible , and see if any surprises can be turned to good . maybe win some new friends as well . the next few months are calm and good for progress . august ignites with summer fun and big - hearted generosity . keep things within bounds and let the limelight find you . your unselfish work in december could win you love as well as acclaim and reward . end the year with warm romance ! $ career and your standing in the world are highlighted and favored this year ! other people will not intimidate or distract you . in the spring be bold and inventive , sometimes to the point of shocking . be practical , too , and do not get so wired or highly strung that you alienate anyone who may want to like you and perhaps work with you later . you 'll settle down and be more systematic by august . take care of yourself , health included , and do not shy away from being popular . reach your peak at work in january . be wrapped in tender love and caring friends in the final months ! $ career and work opportunities beckon , so get ready ! be it an advance in your current position or the offer of something wonderful , look forward to moving from where you are to somewhere much better . be energetic and willing to try new things in the first two months . step off your normal path and sample some new and exciting activities . august and september bring busy and popular fun times when you could be wined and dined beyond healthy limits . be smart , too . work prospects sparkle all january . be sharp and sensible . surround yourself with loving friends and cozy romance in the last month ! $ good times with groups of good friends could be the lifeline that makes this fiery year so successful . you have great passion and a love of life that will not quit , so burnout could be an ongoing problem . friends will help . the first two months are exciting and full of surprises . cool it for a few months , but expect august to fill up with creative fun and crazy good times . catch your breath and work steadily through to november - that 's when you really buckle down . a big change at work could be in your favor in january . from february on is yours to decompress , love , and be loved ! $ be the expert behind the scenes this year and build up a great reputation ! it is not instant recognition but a great foundation for future success . take those calculated chances in march and april , learn a lot , and win a lot of admiration . money could improve in april and may and life could get more comfortable if you are not extravagant . august and september are full of fun and generous people . be helpful in november and get rewarded in december . friends and co - workers are understanding and cooperative , especially as the year closes . be at your best all year and see how friendships , love , and affection find you ! $ it 's a warm , emotional year when many people touch your heart and you touch theirs ! feelings may be sensitive the first few days of the year , but after that you can strongly focus on your own needs and desires . be energetic and ambitious all spring long . daily life may get more lovely and comfortable in may . work diligently and smartly through the summer . august can still be great , glorious fun . in late autumn someone else 's serious concern may touch your heart . be sensible and supportive . the last two months glow with a friendly social scene and maybe love from an unexpected direction ! $ it 's a magical year when you can have great but subtle influence with many people . intuition and instinct help you read people better than ever before . lay low for the first few days and then leap into action when the spring season begins . be practical but bold and stretch your wings in april . work steadily but with a low profile for several months and advance financially and socially . august could bring big summer fun . stay out of the spotlight and accomplish a great deal . be ambitious and quietly successful in december . meet a challenge in january and then cruise comfortably and lovingly the rest of the year ! $ it 's a powerful year for you , so do not shy away from any change or challenge ! however sensitive your heart , you will not lose determination or resolve , especially in march and april . relax a bit in may and enjoy more creature comforts . continue working hard on those things most important and see slow , steady financial progress . enjoy your favorite forms of summer fun in august , but keep an eye on expenses . someone may need a favor in late november , and this can later provide an opportunity for you . friends and a special love bring great joy and some personal magic in the last several months ! $ many exciting times are on your horizon this year ! be sensible , pace yourself , and have the energy to do as much as you like . surprise people all year , especially in march and april . force yourself to take a moment and focus your attention on what you want to achieve . be ambitious . a touch of charm will make your great energy more acceptable , and even admirable , to many people . august may get wild and hyper , so stay practical , especially about money . be wise , influential , and modest in late november . in the last few months be surrounded by loyal friends , brilliant ideas , and great love ! $ it 's a strong and beautiful year ahead ! be and look your best , and enjoy private and public progress . april may be the most ambitious for you , but keep those plans intact and stay flexible when things do not go smoothly . may ushers in a more gracious lifestyle and a more solid and sensible approach toward all money issues . have a great summer , especially august , but do not overdo it . be the voice of reason to someone important to you in late november . if january is challenging at work , make the most of it . lush love and cooperative friends are all yours for the rest of the year ! $ this could be the year you improve your financial situation and make progress that lasts ! start the year mentally organized and full of energy and ambition . friends and family support you . use every day in april . by may settle down and work hard at less experimental or daring projects . you have all the patience and persistence in the world . summer fun may call to you in august , but it will not distract you for long . you may work harder still , and for the welfare of others , in november and december . friends , co - workers , and lover are all there for you , especially the last several months . $ express yourself and get your message out this year . this will help all money decisions and financial actions , so do your homework , know what you want , and say so . you may be most energetic and motivated in the first month , but you will not fizzle out . by may you 'll have a plan that includes all you need and want . make contacts in may and june and see solid progress , however slow at first . enjoy yourself in august . mature and sensible decisions in december win you respect and admiration . be widely embraced and loved by casual acquaintances and more intimate companions from january until the year ends ! $ have the best times and the best luck in nearby favorite places with your favorite people . find countless adventures and new excitement near home , especially in the first two months . with a refreshed spirit , be ambitious and accomplish many goals in the next several months . in june friends may spur you to greater action and more practical behavior . august is the time for what pleases you most . be responsible and respected in november . starting in january friends and co - workers will be cooperative , no matter what the task or challenge . in the last month love and fulfillment will never be far away ! $ buzz with curiosity and companionship all year long ! life may lead you down some twisted paths , but you 'll learn and benefit from it all . in april concentrate on yourself - your goals and how to reach them . some wild ideas may arise and you may try a few . be practical and respectful of daily needs and then branch out . june heats up when friends seek you out and you approach them for fun outings and fruitful discussions . august is also on fire with summer fun . pace yourself and remember those mundane obligations and expenses . be smart and successful in december . affection fills the rest of the year ! $ family and a happy home life may motivate you toward a great year ! april is primarily yours , so get a quick start on being and looking the way you want . be ambitious and energetic , too . in may you might change something at home that will improve everything . it might lessen costs , too . be sensible and be happy about it . in july something fundamental at home may need to change , or perhaps a family issue could be resolved in the best way imaginable . be vibrant with fun in august . in december solve something important . enjoy the remaining months with friends , family , and sizzling love ! $ a balancing act between home and work could keep you busy this year , but you have more than enough energy for both . decide what you want to concentrate on and when . start april off on fire , keen to try new approaches to everything . be sensible and avoid the outrageous . may brings a sweet surprise , perhaps a gift or a sharp , smart idea that leads to better money management . see more of your ideal home in july . august is pure fun . in november do your best for someone and benefit greatly . many people love you and want to see you do well . it 's a golden year ! $ it 's a fantastic , friendly year , rich in passion ! there will be challenges , too , so it will not be boring . in april personal passions ignite and take you down an ambitious , personally satisfying road . stay practical , and do not be so hyper that you chase off anyone . in may you could see an upswing in income if you 're persistent . august is incredibly lucky and joyous . watch expenses , however . in december someone else 's need may inspire you to help and make improvements for yourself . a sudden change at work in january do not have to take you by surprise . private dreams and shared aspirations make for a loving last month ! $ let your inner child rise a bit closer to the surface and have a creative , playful , and productive year ! in april be ambitious , practical , and inventive . respect those daily chores , keep to that budget , and find some wiggle room in may for a personal treat . be diligent and motivated , and be prepared for a burst of good luck , opportunities , and fun in august . continue working hard on what you love without neglecting what else needs to be done . watch for another big opportunity in december to help others as well as yourself . challenges , easy solutions , and great support and love carry you through the year ! $ stay focused , take good care of yourself , and make tremendous progress ! a big surprise could be around any corner , especially in april , and you might spring some of them yourself . be energetic but do not go wild . pace yourself and finish the year strong . slow down a bit , but do not slack off in your efforts in may . august and september are lucky , fun , and comforting . eat well , rest , and be healthy . in december spend time on behalf of others or some cause and see gains of many kinds . be smart , pragmatic , popular , and compassionate in the following months . great love follows you ! $ it 's your year to feel great about yourself and all the little things that are going right . some of those little things are quite big . think - and act - outside the box the first month and have the energy to work harder for yourself . enjoy more comfort and beauty in daily life in may . keep working steadily , too . august brings great summer fun and some favorite activities . be helpful in december , perhaps by solving a friend 's problem . be ready for an opportunity at work in january . in february and march dream of love and you 'll find it all around you ! $ your feet are firmly on the ground , and taking care of business has never been so easy or gratifying ! april and may are busy with surprises and extra work that brings you more and better things . stay focused and enjoy a party atmosphere all august long . your health and daily routine are important in september . be good to yourself . what looks like a delay in december is really a pause so you can get things right . a change at work could be good for you in january . keep your dreams alive in february and let love come to you . it 's a sparkling year ! $ make many new contacts this year . they may be modest and temporary , but one or two could stick and benefit you for a long time . you might be adventurous in april and may , but you 'll be surrounded by sensible , grounded people . learn from them . may and june are energetic times , and you could eat and spend more than you intend , so pay attention . august holds more fun times . slow down and be health conscious in september . be methodical in december and focused at work in january . it 's a busy , productive year , with a dreamy dose of love in the closing month ! $ passions run high this year and love touches everything you do . do more things that you love with the people you love . april and may are full of mischievous fun with casual friends , but august could bring more serious and more generous ( or more expensive ) company . romance and the emotional stakes get higher in september . keep your daily life together and be calmer in november and december . do not overreact if an unexpected change happens at work in january . you could be the answer to someone else 's dream in february and march . be honest and compassionate . there 's plenty of passion in the air ! $ are you looking for romance ? well , it 's looking for you ! this is your year to be lucky in love . if you 're already happily with a partner , that happiness will increase . the first two months you may be busy with work , perhaps fitting into a new role or position . june has rewards you 've been waiting for if you 've been working hard . july and august are summer party time . do not get run down with all the fun . your partner will bring much happiness your way in september . be clear about what 's illusion in december . by february you 'll know if all this love is real . $ love is your secret superpower this year , so use it wisely ! you may crave change and excitement in the first two months , but you will not chase off anyone if you do not go overboard . you might even attract a more exciting partner . be safe and practical . keep your diet and budget under control in june . people will be generous and fun loving in august . watch diet and budget now , too . in october your heart may thrill to a new love interest or your current flame could burn more brightly ! be rock solid for someone in december . the last two months could be the the most dreamy ! $ you 'll never be led astray this year if you calmly listen to your heart . calmness could be your biggest challenge . you 're brimming with energy , ambition , and desire for all good things . you may earn several of them in may and june . work hard and do not burn out . share good times and good fortune with friends new and old in august . mind those expenses , though . a beautiful , bright love shines on you in october , perhaps with a touch of childhood or loves past . december is more serious . go slowly and you can accomplish a lot . love your way through the whole year ! $ be solid and successful all year long ! you 're full of energy and want to do everything yourself , especially in the first few months . settle down in june and work hard for those few things that mean the most to you . money should be good if you do not overspend . august is also full of promise , popularity , and fun . work calmly for the next few months and by december you 'll be prepared for a lucky break . stay calm , be methodical , and accomplish a great deal for someone else and yourself . dream of fresh , new love and it will be there for you before the year ends ! $ be powerful and set a good example without even trying . give calm consideration to all you do , especially in the first month , and easily deal with problems that would have been hard before . no one can rush you during may , mostly because no one can keep up with you ! be energetic and acquire some lovely new things in june . work sensibly and enjoy a fun , frivolous august . perhaps receive a reward from a grateful group in december . you 're earning great respect , too . do not be perturbed by anything at work in january . the last two months are rich in wisdom and love ! $ it 's second nature to be practical and productive this year ! if you 've been thinking about changing careers or want to start your own venture , it could be possible now . have great new ideas in the first month . write them down and be ready to jump in when energy is highest in may and june . be charming and attract success in june . keep working hard and meeting those obligations , however . august is made for fun and relaxation . work comes into sharp focus in late december and january . brace for a big change or opportunity . love springs to mind and rocks your heart in february and beyond ! $ it 's your time to be the star at work or in public ! no one works harder than you , no matter how you feel . intuition guides you in april . get pragmatic and work hard in may and june . you may want a more gracious lifestyle in june , and your hard work will pay off . be responsible through the summer and enjoy great fun in august . your tastes may get more conservative and you may save more in early december . a splendid advance at work is possible in late january if you 're motivated . great love in the spring could be the best surprise of all ! $ excel at work and secure what you need to succeed . if not wildly ambitious , there are still wonderful things you want to do . start in april and may to work hard with strong , smart plans behind you . your charming nature can also bring you success in june . be practical and responsible through the summer and enjoy fun , comfort , and popularity in august . keep expenses reasonable . be patient and make wise decisions in december . january and february are yours to shine in public and the workplace , so look and do your best . sweet dreams and tender love come your way by spring ! $ express yourself well with large groups of people and improve daily life for yourself and many others . be smart , motivated , and active in the first two months . being sociable and charming may result in more support and maybe even income in june . be responsible , attend to daily details , and lighten up with friends and family in august . in early december be helpful and modest and earn respect . a sudden change at work could give you more opportunities , so be calm and practical . step into a dreamy love in february and march . friends and lovers fill your time and heart all year long ! $ you can be a great people person this year and still stay as objective and private as you please . people want to work with and be with you , and all this social contact will be good for you . be clever and energetic on your own behalf in april and may . get caught up on anything that 's been delayed or left unattended . june is a charmed and charming time . be very popular in august . work hard in december . be ready if a work opportunity arises in january . in february a social partner could become much more , with a surprising and strong love ! $ feel deeply connected to many people this year and do your best work by keeping private most of your sympathies and activities . love , not praise or popularity , is what it 's all about . you 're naturally practical and smart , and you 're motivated to do all you can and then some . have a schedule and meet deadlines easily in april and may . june is more comfortable but just as busy . august is full of amusing company . december is busy , but that 's how you like it . shine in public and relax in private in january . february is intense , emotional , and love filled . it 's a powerful year ! $ learn from every twist and turn in this busy , brilliant year ! be active with friends new and old . think practically about everyday affairs , especially in the first two months , and have more energy to keep your daily life in good order . in june be sociable and perhaps receive a gift you may want to share or pass along . august is full of summer comfort and contentment . stay organized and responsible and be ready to work hard in december . a sudden demand at work brings opportunities in january . be busy , productive , well connected , loved , and understood in february . launch your own surprise at year 's end ! $ the world may try to keep you busy , but it will not be able to compete with your inner life . make many self - discoveries to help you later in the year . pay attention to your dreams . be smart and energetic in april and may and easily meet expectations . work hard and be provided with more than you need in june . july and august are pure fun . december and january are more serious and perhaps more satisfying . be more noticed at work or in public in late january . then become more introverted in february and enjoy peaceful times with treasured friends . let love fill the hours ! $ come out of your shell in a big way this year ! if you 're already outgoing , your reach will be greatly extended . you have fantastic energy and drive , especially in the first few months . be focused , get a lot done , and make some lovely additions to your wardrobe and home in june . pay attention to spending and then enjoy a fun , relaxing august . be persistent in your work efforts and benefit in december . a big change may come in late january , but you 'll be ready . the following months are full of company , friends , and love . just ask if you need or want anything ( or anyone ) special ! $ make the most of every day this year and do not look back ! no one can stop you if you know what you want and where you 're going . all your aims and ambitions will be practical , and you 'll be sharp and clear - minded in the first month . work hard and achieve a lot . enjoy june , but do not let down your efforts to be successful . august holds pleasant surprises - all in fun . december may be less frivolous but more rewarding . be serious and succeed . a big change in late january can be good for you . be sensitive and get rewarded with love in the following months ! $ your popularity soars and so does your productivity this year . you know what you want , how to get it , and how you want to share it all . head and heart work well together , especially in the first month , so do not wait . hard work and persistence will pay off by june , although maybe not instantly . relax with family , friends , and kindred spirits in august . be diligent and value yourself in december . step up and face an important challenge in january . dreams and aspirations take over in february . love may come out of nowhere in the final months . what a spectacular year ! $ thoughts turn to a more upscale lifestyle , fashion , and better income this year . get lots of good ideas from friends thinking the same way . work together and support one another , especially in the first two months when energy and sharp thinking are at their peak . june is lucky and lovely . face any obstacles head - on and see great progress . august is fun but could get expensive , so pay attention . be a dynamo at work in january . competition is fine , but antagonism less so . watch that temper . be more tender and touchable in february and march . love is there for you all year ! $ charm and be charmed all year long ! no one will be able to resist you , and there may be times when you 're also unable to say no . your thinking is sharpest in april and may . be charming and sexy in june no matter how hard you 're working . if gifts come your way , watch for attached strings before accepting . be gracious , regardless . have fun close to home in august without spending a fortune . enjoy the calmness of a sensible partner in december . be smart and ambitious in january and go far . the rest of the year is busy with even more affection and love ! $ friends and neighbors are there for you , no matter how complicated things get this year . things look simple at first , but your thinking is clearest . keep this focus . a lovely temptation in june may show you how small interruptions can slow things down . stay focused and near home in july . keep plans simple and keep up with daily chores and bills . it will not be hard . have happy times with relatives in august . an old love may sweetly reappear in december . work heats up in january , but you 'll be ready . february and the rest of the year are full of compassion and love ! $ starting and finishing go together for you this year . break free to start something new and exciting while you easily tie up loose ends . be smart and dedicated to work that matters , especially in may , and waste no time , effort , or energy . friends support you and no one can hold you back . conclude something big in july . relax with friends and family in august . you may want to spend more time on your own in december . be busy with work and being excellent in january . share dreams and fun times with more friends in february . unexpected love is everywhere in the final months ! $ family could be very important this year , perhaps living relatives , but it might be family history , roots , or hometown . be hardworking , clever , and have everything you need to accomplish what you want in may . be charming and make appealing changes that better organize your finances . be treated royally at home in august and maybe host a party or two . watch those expenses and get what you pay for . an old partner or lover might want to spoil you in december . a door may open for you at work in january . in february and march be casual , relaxed , and surrounded by love ! $ be lucky all year long . the closer to home you are , the luckier you 'll be . think and work on practical matters in may and perhaps see a working vacation in june . a family or home matter can bring great joy and success in august . your generous spirit will shine and draw more luck . you may crave less glamour and more substance in a relationship in december . a big change near you in january could still broaden your world . in february you may want to do more good for more people . make friends and team up . hot love could surprise you before year 's end ! $ be creative and clever all year and see marvelous things happen ! be pragmatic and focused on the basics of daily life as the year opens and through the first two months . what you achieve now you 'll be able to keep unless a taste for extravagance strikes in june . august glitters with good feeling and great fun with friends and family . watch expenses and exaggerated generosity now . a practical partner or lover touches your heart in december . have a creative , constructive answer if a problem arises at work in january . spend time with sympathetic friends in february , and be relaxed and ready for love ! $ get great pleasure this year from countless little things . small favors , consideration , and kindness will be recognized and appreciated as the big things they really are . be smart and driven to succeed in may . live well and spend less in june . enjoy what may look silly to others in september . if romance feels hyper in december , do what 's comfortable and have your partner tone it down . work hard in january and see something turn around for you . let your dreams run free in february and do more with groups of friends in march . love touches everything at year 's end ! $ inspiring dreams will keep this year going for you , and no foolish dream will slow you down . spend time with practical friends in the first month , have smart suggestions , and be fearless in your ambitions . hold back on luxuries in june and live better for it . be lucky and have fun at home in august . you can rethink and examine any dream if you have doubts in september . a romance could quietly mature in december . take advantage of a change in the workplace in january . the rest of the year is more casual , calm , and cozy . what a sweet year ! $ be healthy , happy , and highly motivated all year long ! work hard for what matters to you and get stronger just from making the effort . be pragmatic and patient in may and june , and do not waste time or money on long shots or questionable schemes . work hard , be responsible , and enjoy a big - hearted , fun - loving august . be straight with a lover in december and clear the air for you both . hard work and success resume in january . thoughts may get fuzzy but feelings are clear in february . be inspired and inspiring and very well loved . it do not get healthier than that ! $ it 's your time for all the little things to click and allow big things to happen ! be energetic early in the year and pull together what you need for more comfort and personal success . after late may it might be hard to think of much else . money could come and go at home in august . take care of details in october and see money and health improve . an old friend or lover supports you in december . a romantic offer or opportunity could come from afar in january . dream big and have fun with friends in february . be your own secret power all year ! $ if you like , you can be part of a group that looks out for one another all year . it will be there when you need help , and you 'll be happy to be of service to others . be practical and smart as the year begins and keep those good ideas coming . be generous with family in august and perhaps receive without asking something you 've desired . simple daily kindness makes october a great month for you . learn something important in january , and risk sharing your aspirations and dreams in february . end the year smarter , more successful , and more admired and appreciated than ever ! $ every little effort and gesture you make will yield big results for you this year ! get more serious about small things and see just how big they are . spend the first few days concerned with making things nicer and more stable for yourself . think calmly and systematically in late may and june . use money wisely in june and july . august is all summer fun , but watch expenses . respect your needs and health in november . an old love could revive in december . february is for fun with lots of friends . it 's an active , tenderhearted year that takes you great places ! $ if love do not rock your world this year , the passion will still be there for something or someone ! your feelings are important , but they do not have to dominate your life . be your most ambitious and clever in the first month and perhaps acquire something special in june . be money smart in august and have a glorious summer close to home . love flashes across your sky in october . make a change in your life goals in january . a dream may come true in february , but at what emotional cost ? the last two months are lively and full of unexpected surprises and affection ! $ it 's the year to be big - hearted and wise about love ! every relationship you 're in will expand and enrich your heart . work hard on practical matters in the first month , save what you can , and perhaps afford something special in june . august is the time for family fun . be generous and receive generosity , too . love gets serious in november . be strong as well as sensitive . find an inspiring role model or example to reignite your ambitions in january . february is the time to deepen casual friendships . you can achieve great things in the last few months , but you will not have to go it alone ! $ other people 's concerns may tug at your heart and keep you busy this year . you have the passion and energy to handle anything . use the first month to get organized and work hard on practical matters . money will be there for you in june if you stick to the budget . summer is when to relax at home and enjoy some big fun ! you may need to help someone in november . just be your responsible self . starting in january work and social life may keep you running for a few months , but a surprising secret love could catch up with you before year 's end ! $ it 's a busy year full of big plans and big energy ! get your schedule organized in the first month and work hard . save a little more , if you can , and see a sweet personal reward before july . august could be busy with summer excitement , but it do not have to be expensive . the end of december could be hectic , but stay focused and do your best for yourself and others . you might have an urge to get away from it all in january . friends - and a special new love - will give you all the affection and rest you need at year 's end ! $ you have everything you need to work hard and make a major change in your life this year . if you 're happy with the status quo , you could find fresh ambition or desire . motivate others with your drive in the first month . think of a new but simple way to take better care of yourself , too . money is reasonable , although you might want to save more . enjoy a fun - filled summer , especially august , and thrill to new amusements . you may meet or learn of someone who inspires you to greater heights in january . be popular in february and well loved all year long ! $ you 'll have many chances to excel at work and in public this year . there 's no point in trying to hide or downplay your achievements . be practical , smart , and responsible , especially in the first month , and have a firm foundation for the rest of the year . in june enjoy a private treat that adds elegance . watch expenses , though . enjoy some intellectual fun in july and august . romantic memories could be strong in november . pursue a passion in january and have it pay for itself . make deeper emotional bonds with friends in february . love and happy surprises will fill your days by spring ! $ career and public presence could be this year 's highlights ! it will not be for purely selfish gain , however . start the year motivated to work hard on whatever you love that has the best chance for success . clever , practical ideas prove helpful later . friends and family enjoy your company and are generous in august . treasure old partners in november and perhaps feel wistful about an old love . in january and february step up and provide well for yourself and some others , too . friends give you comfort and amusement the rest of the year . a surprising ( and generous ) new love could appear in spring ! $ you can make your career glow with success this year or you can make a shift to something new ! you are most practical and solid in the first month . you can get inside people 's heads , too . keep the cash flow balanced and maybe acquire a small desired item in june . enjoy some pleasant but inexpensive summer fun with family in august . romance gets nostalgic in november . prepare for a possible big change at work in january . february is big , so look and do your best . relax with friends afterward and let some surprises make you smile . love is not far behind ! $ share many happy dreams with friends this year and see some of them come true ! you express yourself well , especially early in the year , with enough clever , useful ideas to last all year . be diligent about basic work and money , and lighten up with friends and family in the summer . people really want to be with you . an old flame could cross your mind and path in november . get motivated about something new in january . february lights up your social scene . allow friends their fantasies . you may turn a new head and be surprised by a secret love in the spring ! $ it 's a great year to make new friends and widen your social circle ! there could be some reshuffling of faces , all to everybody 's increased happiness . you are more interested in your own work and appearance in may and june and this will pay off later . brainstorm , particularly about finances , with a trusted friend and maybe family in june and july . enjoy a cozy august at home . entertain and be entertained . a love interest in november might want to move faster than you 'd like . be clear and see how it goes . february shines with friends , dreams , happiness , and maybe a great new love , too ! $ take the lead with your friends and do many of your favorite things with your favorite people this year ! you 're full of ambition and bright new ideas in june . with steady work you can make more progress than ever . august could bring you gifts and flattery from friends and family . the opinions of an old love may sound less important in november . keep a calm heart and steady head . february and march buzz with happy - if silly - fun with friends . enjoy yourself and feel part of a bigger whole . april twinkles with big - hearted concern and love , all coming your way ! $ surprise yourself all year with brilliant ideas and big plans that only you can make happen ! you will not overreach yourself or run short of energy . you 're responsible and dependable and should see solid progress in the first month . pay attention to budget , save a bit more , and enjoy a relaxing , glamorous august . you might get involved in a more mature business or romantic relationship in november . excitement will not be lacking . you may take a more spiritual turn in february and desire more love in your daily life . stay realistic and then follow your bliss . be brilliant in april and attract tremendous love ! $ it could be a busy year , but you can step out of the fray any time . whenever you need peace and quiet , it 's yours . be energetic and sharp minded , especially in may and june , and work hard toward financial goals . an impulse purchase in july do not have to set you too far back . just pay attention . be playful and happy at home in august and september . work diligently and be your responsible self for the next few months . a tender , romantic november awaits you . be busy with friends in february . watch for a private surprise or two at year 's end ! $ a secret desire for something special could motivate you this year . or it might be time for you to make private plans for a nicer lifestyle . be ambitious and busy in the first few months and perhaps create a financial opportunity . enjoy more luxury time with friends and family in july and august . try not to spend away whatever you gain . be sensible in love in november and feel appreciated . a startling new idea or project could distract you in january . friends may inspire you in february . the last two months are bubbling with fun and affection . make great advances this year ! $ reinvent yourself this year and be a smarter , sharper you ! take the first month and decide what things are most important for you to do and have . then get ambitious . you could see some charming results by july . relax and let family and friends entertain you in august . stay motivated and make steady progress in the next several months . be wise in matters of love in november . something ( or someone ) exotic and exciting may catch your eye in january . be inspired in february and move in a sweeter social circle . the last few months are busy with pleasant and profitable surprises ! $ be at your sharpest , cleverest , and most entertaining all year ! everything you say will sound witty to others , and you 'll be able to reason to the end of things before people have described everything . use these skills to great benefit in the first few months . you know to not be a showoff or bore , especially in july . enjoy special big fun in august , and graciously and fairly spread any expense . what you used to need in a romance may become important to you again in november . enjoy a beautiful , cultured february with friends . love holds more surprises at year 's end ! $ this year you may get more interested in money and the nice things it makes possible . cleverness and get - rich - quick schemes will not deceive you . you may discover some sound , practical ideas in the first couple months . hard work matters , too , and you may deserve a small private treat by july . share good times with family and friends in august . you might want to host a party or summer event . a quiet romance could find you in november . stay low - key and let things take care of themselves . friends and the social scene come to life in the remaining months , including much love ! $ charm and elegance are yours this year . you 're smart . you know that life is more than money and material comforts , but you do not discount their importance . be highly motivated all year and achieve a lot early on with what feels like little effort . work diligently and maybe celebrate in august , perhaps on vacation . a friendship could become a serious romance in november . deal promptly with any perceived crisis in january and see quick , easy resolutions . amuse yourself with dreams of luxury in february . friends and lovers are there for you , sometimes surprising you in the last two months ! $ friends and the joys of local life make this year sparkle for you . you can think globally and then enjoy the richness of the world near at hand . be ambitious and driven to succeed , especially in the first two months . settle into a sustainable routine and you 'll improve your position and income by july . august is when to kick back and have fun , and perhaps make some useful social and career contacts . networking never stops . an overlooked admirer could appear in november . if bored or disillusioned by a social group , you do not need to stay . a nearby love could surprise you at year 's end ! $ be the bright star with your family and friends this year ! you could also put down strong roots with someone important in your daily life . a light touch and clever , chatty personality in the first month will bring opportunity later . work undisturbed and make great progress before august , when friends and family capture your attention . be practical and accomplish what you need to in the next few months and be ready for a strong but subtle love interest in november . a fond fantasy may dissolve in february . love and friendship are abundant and strong in the last months ! $ family and home are powerful forces for you this year . have a clear , practical vision and see through several fantasies that may have held you back . watch expenses in july . you do not need to envy anyone . august and september are on fire with pleasure , amusement , and basic good sense . slow down socially - but not at work - in november . take good care of yourself - you 're worth it ! what looks like an opportunity at work in february may not be . be politely cautious and nonconfrontational . a lively social life in the last months can bring relief , pleasant surprises , and sweet affection ! $ family affairs and daily routines are smooth and natural this year . others may sometimes see problems and chaos , but you will not . buzz with energy and have an answer for everything that matters . you may want to think a bit , but the answer will be there in the end . the first two months could be the busiest and most challenging , but you 're up to it . take your home situation ( and budget ) in hand in august and september and make it exactly the way you want . have fun , too . pace yourself in november , and work through a misconception in february . love and be loved all year ! $ find countless pleasures in daily life and have a great time all year ! you 're full of energy , so nothing and no one can rain on your parade . be smart and sensible in the first few months and calmly work hard to further yourself . see better income and steady progress before july . be lucky and feel rich at home in august . in september be more young at heart and enjoy things more . be healthy in november and poised to handle any problem in january . dispel a cherished dream at work in february and move forward . surprising love and friendship round out a great year ! $ be creative and cheerful and see big success this year ! you can be playful and practical at the same time . you can go places fast with your high energy and motivation . no one can keep up with your keen mind in the first month . work hard on what you know works well and make great progress before july . be lucky and generous at home in august and enjoy some of your success . attend to details in november and do not overlook anything important . be inspired by co - workers in february and inspire them , too . bask in love from a surprising direction in the closing months ! $ your inner child will have a lot of playmates this year ! if not usually a people person , you 'll be glad for the people in your life now . be ambitious , energetic , and willing to try new things in the first few months . work hard in the coming months and see success and satisfaction . a home matter has a happy and lucky outcome in august . enjoy fun and friendship in late september . stay happy in november and do not get discouraged by anything . a situation at work in february could be deceiving . when in doubt , ask questions and go slowly . you 're loved all year long ! $ the pleasure of good partners and teammates will make this a happy , powerful year ! early on think carefully about where you are and where you 're headed , then work hard and be ambitious . the home budget may grow in july as you see progress . be very lucky in august and attract more luck for your home environment . do not remodel yet , though . september and october are times to luxuriate in doing what you love with people you love . in february you may recognize that a previous opinion came from a false impression . it 's easy to fix things . april is yours for fun and fantastic love ! $ get passionate about your daily routine and take good care of yourself all year ! this is not selfish - it 's simply smart . think clearly and quickly in the first month and be motivated to improve your personal and professional appearance . stay ambitious and make great progress , especially in july when your good money instincts kick in . if friends keep you too busy in august , you can bow out once in a while . no one will mind . be healthy and content in late october , and know that your good habits will stick . friends and a fresh new love carry you through the year ! $ a busy year will keep you juggling the big things and the little . you decide which are which . you think before you act , which is good when you have so much raw energy . be intent on getting ahead in the first two months and see great advancement just be being smart and practical . friends and family share your happiness in july and august . you 're good with money without being overly frugal . you know how to spend what 's needed , especially in november and january . be brilliant and impress family , friends , a special someone , and yourself in the last few months ! $ see deep into the heart of situations this year and get control . big things become little and manageable in your hands . energy and sharp wit are yours all year long . be on the same page with all your friends in july . family and neighbors may surprise you in august . it will be loving , generous , and good . november could be your most successful month , although it may not feel like anything special at the time . do your work and be responsible and brilliant . if the day job gets emotional in february , stay calm and let it pass . it 's a busy , love - filled year ! $ you 're ready to get more serious about the work you love . you may not care if it takes you far , but it probably will ! have a million great ideas in the first month , and be a good judge of which ones may succeed . a friend could test your patience in july and august , but everyone will want to be big - hearted and have fun . work calmly through the summer and fall . an intimidating challenge is really an opportunity in november . give yourself a chance . get inspired on the job in february . social life heats up happily in april . have a sexy , popular time ! $ friends and admiring people surround you this year , so smile and let them bask in your warm company ! seriously , you have a passion for life that attracts others . you may be too busy with cleverness and fun ( and success ) in the first month , but by july all that affection will catch up with you . you will not neglect any daily obligations , despite all the people in your life . love finds you and brings romance to your door in december . march and april may hold more love - filled surprises if you can slow down enough to notice . work hard and play harder . it 's a sizzling year ! $ yes , these are complicated times . you 're being more successful and achieving more than you realize , so relax more and stress less . you 're the smartest person in the room , especially in the first month . stay cool , work diligently , and reap rewards and praise in august . you can pretend surprise . friends make the daily grind more fun in november . other people may keep you busy in january . do what you can , but remember your obligations . find fresh ambition in february . march and april are for good times and relaxation . fresh new love could be in the mix , too . have a great year ! $ your intensity might scare away a few people this year , but the right ones will stay . inventiveness and generosity may be your two greatest gifts , so pay attention and do not let them carry you away , especially in the first three months . august ignites with popularity and maybe expensive fun . be sensible . settle down for a few months and see some intense success at work in november . january could be the most intense , but with other people 's drama , not yours . inspire someone in february . your social life gets hot and heavy in april . relax with a sweet special someone in the final months ! $ you always have the big picture in view and know what to do when ! you may not pay much attention to others , but you inspire them . be most energetic in the first month . friends keep you hopping and happy in july . surprise yourself in a big way in august . do good things with it . catch up with some older friends in november . learn and try new things with new people in new places in late january . be realistic and responsible but open to the future . friends and love return in a big way in the last few months . what a charmed and charming year ! $ be at the top of your game without any extreme extra effort all year long . you 're bubbling over with energy and motivation , especially early on , and people want to respond well to what you 're doing . friends relate to what you have to say in july . there 's great summer fun coming in august . friends may pitch in and help with some routine errands . return the favors when you can . february is bright with new useful lessons and opportunities . do not fall for a false impression at work later in february . relax with some fun and romance in april and all the following months ! $ career dreams and plans come together this year if you 're smart and persistent . you 're motivated , especially in the first month . stay organized and stick with what works . friends may have suggestions or share dreams in late july . relax , talk , and listen . feel big - hearted in august and maybe pleasantly surprise someone whose spirits need a lift . be more cautious and spend less in november . attention turns to work and career possibilities in february . tend those personal dreams and plans , but do not jump unless you 're sure the offer is real . love makes a quiet approach at year 's end ! $ do work you love , help others , and help yourself greatly , too ! if you are not in your dream job , this may not be the perfect time to find it , but it can be the perfect time to clearly see what it will be . be patient and practical . surprising opportunities and chance meetings abound in june and july . be conspicuous and inspiring and widen your network . friends are there for you in july and august . relax and let them be generous . be consistent as time goes by and gain insight in february . unexpected new love and friendship appear in the last few months . embrace it all ! $ the year bristles with excitement , new friends , and social scenes . be bold and meet some great new people . attract new friends and business associates with your powerful energy and ambition in the first month . be steady with money and responsibilities and win admiration in july . be generous , fun - loving , and lucky in august , but do not overextend yourself . november is calmer . catch up with old friends . march and april are brimming with people , surprises , and fun . do not burn out or burn through the budget with all the good times . a secret , smarter love approaches you at year 's end . it 's a sizzling , sweet year ! $ you 're exciting and in demand this year , so spend more time with more people . it may look like you 're concentrating on everybody else , but by year 's end you 'll see that it was all about you . have fun , connect , and make progress , especially in the first month . you have energy and ambition to burn . time with friends in july will be helpful and productive . august is also a social time - everyone wants to be generous . in november rethink a decision you made a few months ago and be satisfied with your final choice . friends , and a warm , familiar love , surround you in april ! $ set your sights on a personal goal this year . do not be afraid to reach for the stars . be ambitious and inventive , especially early on , and have the support of friends and family . have solid plans and be steady and sensible in your efforts . talk with friends and get advice in july , but use your own ideas . august is rich with summer fun . watch your expenses and then enjoy ! be smart about good health in november and december . april is busy with friends new and old , as well as mischievous pleasure . some of it may be flirtatious , too . it 's an accomplished , warm - hearted year ! $ you know what you want and how to get it this year ! you may not get everything instantly , but you know how to make it happen . cleverness and energy are gifts that serve you well , particularly in the first few months . be quietly productive and responsible . a friend may have some good ideas for you in july . some unexpected good luck may find you while you 're busy having fun with family in august . reevaluate your position in november , and do not be too self - critical . you 're doing well . in april and may relax with friends and perhaps a loving admirer who finally speaks up ! $ secret desires and private thoughts keep you motivated all year . with your energy and spirit , there 's no limit to what you can make happen . work hard , possibly with friends , in the early months and make tremendous progress . stay realistic about money and daily chores , and be ready for fun and relaxation in august . enjoy quiet but intense times with friends . with family , be more outgoing and fun - loving . take good care of yourself in november - eat and rest well . trust your own judgment and instincts at work in february . confide a few secrets to that special someone before year 's end ! $ you have endless great ideas , plans , and energy for the future ! a few of those plans may catch fire and take you far this year . be practical and patient as well as ambitious and creative . you can do it all , especially in june and july . in august something a friend says in private may suddenly click and work out for you in public . some unexpected summer fun later in august could lead to someone being generous . say thank you . look for inspiration , but do not daydream at work in february . in may and june get ready for some romantic insights and possibly passionate love ! $ you 're on fire this year and nothing will slow you down . if you can feel driven without getting impulsive or impatient , you 'll accomplish whatever your heart desires . be independent in the first couple of months , then reach out and relax with friends in july and august . people will be eager to hear what you 've been doing . there may also be fun with family or an unexpected visit from an old friend . a slight misunderstanding at work in february could turn out favorably . be realistic and gracious . from april until year 's end be surrounded by loving friends and rich , friendly love ! $ assert yourself and clearly see who you are and what you want to be . nothing can distract you from what is right or best for you . be motivated and full of energy , particularly in the first few months . relax with friends and family in the summer , mostly in august , and see how much you 're admired and loved . in january if a love interest questions something that you know is right for you , just be true to yourself . be more sensitive and effective at work in february . unexpected happiness comes from friends and that special someone in the closing months ! $ money may attract more attention this year . you 're practical and smart , so struggle less with any pressure to provide for yourself and loved ones . you 're full of energy and motivation , so stress less and simply tend to business . take a break in august and let friends pamper you a bit . it makes them happy to see you happy . a partner may suddenly disagree with you in january , or perhaps a new partner will appear with different ideas . listen politely , but trust your own judgment . find inspiration in your work in february . be unexpectedly lucky with friends in april . love is yours all year ! $ you can strike that sweet balance between material wealth and emotional wealth and make progress in both realms . be shrewd and sensitive in the first two months and see your determination pay off by july . if you yearn for luxury , be conservative and modest in your aims . august could get extravagant , so watch the budget and then let the universe , friends , and family be generous . you 're lucky all summer . be an inspiration at work in february , and gain insight into what motivates people . long - distance friends are your good luck in april . be wrapped in love all year long ! $ be popular and lucky all year long ! you radiate charm and people simply want to be with you . they like doing favors for you , too . quietly attend to business in the first couple months and then enjoy all good things in august . let friends surprise you with their generosity . be generous in return . extravagance is not required . remember to take care of your health in november and december . be conspicuous and encouraging at work in february . this will serve you well later . make some new friends in april , and find some hot new love before the year ends ! $ your best luck and greatest treasures will come from people and places close to home this year . people work smoothly with you , and your enthusiasm and energy will find lots of constructive projects in the first two months . be respectful of your money and have more than enough . august is pleasant and september absolutely joyous with social and family events . no need to run wild or be extravagant . everyone is feeling generous and loving . respect any health concerns in november and let go of any regrets . in february aspire to something more for the future at work . it 's an ambitious , affectionate year ! $ ambitious dreams for tomorrow have their roots at home today ! you have resources and a good foundation to make this a powerful , successful year . get your thoughts organized and use your strong instincts to make the most of the opening months . financial progress can be steady , if slow , with more than enough for a splendid summer . parties and big local meet - ups are likelier than a distant vacation . let friends make suggestions and surprise you with their plans . be safety conscious in november . have bigger career dreams in february . you know that good things take time . welcome love 's sweet embrace all year long ! $ energy and enthusiasm are at an all - time high and confusion and doubt are low ! work hard and accomplish your dreams . in the first two months be pragmatic and a bit protective of what you already have . make progress and gain more without getting manic or greedy . relax and recharge your emotional batteries with friends and family in summer . august is especially rich and happy . love may knock on your door in september , and it will not be shy . speak and act wisely in public in february . people are hanging on your every word . after april , slow down and unwind at home with loved ones ! $ look forward to peaceful times , great luck , and happy people this year . if they 're unhappy when you encounter them , they will not be after spending time with you . you have the touch that calms and soothes the most anxious and agitated . that includes you , so relax and feel secure . the first two months are smooth , if busy . simply tend to business as usual and be responsible . august is about fun and surprises , mostly from friends . enjoy the playfulness . be good to yourself in november , and be inspired and inspirational in february . notice who admires you in may . love conquers all in the final month ! $ find surprising solutions to stubborn old problems this year . you 're well anchored in the real world and comfortable with yourself no matter what 's happening . the first few months look calm and good for making some personal progress , especially at home . august bristles with fun , silliness , and generosity . you may want more peace and quiet in september , but it will not be boring . if a romance starts to feel like work , express this and see what might be changed . dream of far - off places and adventures in february . april gets socially exciting - you might rock a few boats . passion burns through any obstacles at year 's end ! $ this is your time for more fun , creativity , and self - expression ! your inner child will be very near the surface all year long , so choose wisely when it 's appropriate to act out . be responsible and methodical early in the year and build yourself a good base . august is full of fun and frivolity . friends and family will insist on it , anyway . october may be your most creative time and also the riskiest for possibly upsetting or offending someone . your good instincts can keep this under control . enjoy a mental getaway in february . the rest of the year is quiet , productive , loving , and - yes - fun ! $ be creative and socially gracious , and let those excess emotions do good things ! feelings may be high all year , so channel them into positive outlets . be steady and sensible in dealing with daily life , especially in the first few months , and do well all the rest of the year . decompress and celebrate with friends and family in august . if they want to do this in a big way , respect your budget . get creative and daring in november . be spirited and sensible . dreams and aspirations for the future get big in february . social life ignites in april . be treasured all year long ! $ be creative and inspired , follow your heart , and do not look back ! good instincts and intuition will keep you productive and progressing , especially in the first few months . positive criticism sometimes might help you improve things , but negative criticism ? not so much . you have a passion for people and all good things , so enjoy a festive august ( without blowing the budget ) , and treasure all that heartfelt fun with friends and family . do your best for yourself in november . be sensitive and inspired in february . be enthusiastic and inventive at work in april . there are benefits to come . love is in the air all year ! $ take care of the details , take care of yourself , and have a bold , productive year ! it frees up time and energy for more of what you love . enjoy your daily routine and be well organized , particularly early in the year . august means fun and adventure with friends and family - and you will not travel far . november and december may be busy . if some doubts and discouragement appear , they 'll turn out to be illusions . have faith in yourself and do not let anything slow you down . be bold and smart at work in april . intuition and love burn brightly , especially in the closing months ! $ you have endless passion for work and people this year . you 're surrounded by more help and resources than you suspect . just start the conversation . your ideas and efforts are noticed by many , and your hard work could earn more income before august . welcome the unexpected . be generous and receive much from friends and family in august . you 're luckiest and most charming now . luck and charm stay with you , peaking again in december . small rewards and advantages can quickly add up to something big and beautiful . april is your power month , too . passion and your big , tender heart serve you well all year ! $ be your own best friend and be healthy and happy all year long ! friends and family will encourage you to take better care of yourself and make it easier . see benefits in august when your energy increases and smart decisions can bring more income . have fun all summer , and be generous without spending more than needed . feel more creative in november , but let those bright ideas simmer . take good care of yourself in late december , and do not overdo the holiday eating and partying . love could surprise you in january . pleasant surprises at work in april may pay off big for months to come ! $ love draws you out this year and it could be hard to satisfy all your feelings . be aware that your dream love could find you . you shine with energy and inspiration and this can bring many people your way . enjoy the exposure and popularity . private conversations and networking could bring money your way in august . have fun , but watch expenses . december and january are emotional , sensitive times when you 'll need your partner to work with you . keep anxieties under control and then listen to your heart . work hard in march and april and win rewards and recognition . it 's an ambitious , affectionate year ! $ sweet , soothing love finds you in a year when romance could solve more problems than it causes . have good , clear discussions ( mostly about money ) and sizzle with popularity in august . agree on what constitutes relaxing fun and then relax into november . a challenge or disagreement in january could stress a relationship , but there 's a solution if you both want to work for it . ideally , you want everybody to be happy . a spiritual insight or breakthrough could heal your heart in february . extra incentive at work in april can be very profitable in coming months . you 're advancing in all the ways that count this year ! $ you see answers for other people 's problems and gain great insight into solving your own . easily and happily fix some daily concerns - often money related - that have annoyed you for a while . summer fun could get expensive in august if you do not pay attention to your budget . you can do it and still feel like royalty . your mood may sag briefly in november . a totally unexpected show of love in january is a major pick - me - up . get joyful and inspired in february . a change at work in april is another big boost for your prestige and finances . it 's a brilliant , beautiful year ! $ have big plans , big ideas , and big dreams ! there 's all the energy you need . be realistic in your approach and see what you can make happen . august is loving and luxurious without any need to overspend . the whole summer is made for fun . enjoy quiet time in november and politely ignore any meaningless criticism . a big love ( not necessarily a person ) could come or go in january , or perhaps it 's simply a shift in the romance lineup . working for a good cause touches your heart in february . be daring but not reckless at work in april and gain respect and rewards . have a magnificent year ! $ dreams can come to life this year ! make the best use of your almost endless energy and enthusiasm , turn any challenge or sudden change to your favor , and work wonders . be popular and attract good luck and possibly money in august . have fun , but respect your budget . be patient in november and get countless creative great ideas for later . a major change in a partnership or love interest could happen in january . a strong heart and clear head will assure that all is right . be inspired and uplifted in february . be bold , not wild , at work in april . have a dynamic , dream - filled year ! $ be popular , prominent , and do great things this year ! you 'll be highly visible and people will hear what you say . just relax and be your normal , goodhearted self . august is party time , but you can keep things under control . watch your expenses , respect your resources , and see people respect you . by november you may have second thoughts about the summer , but do not look back with regret . be safe and healthy in january . spiritual insights may come in early march . march and april are powerful times at work , so do your best and benefit for a long time to come . have a glorious year ! $ work hard and make tremendous progress with any career plans . you 'll be more visible socially and in the public eye , too . there 's more than enough energy and motivation for you to make this a great year . attract money and widen your networking circle in august and have some big fun . if you overspend in august , you may rein in expenses in november . do not be too severe . be proactive about health in january . remember some big dreams in march . do a lot at work in april , but you may face some opposition . be gracious but firm , bold but not confrontational . it 's a powerful year ! $ put your own agenda and well - being first and be tireless this year ! succeed big and have more to share and give back . feel charmed and lucky in august , and be surprised by everyone 's generosity . make some time in november to work hard on a private passion . be more health and safety conscious in january . an unlikely dream may start to make more sense in march . april is the time to focus on career plans . be solid , practical , and bold in your efforts . more authority and profit could find you in the coming months . be smart , ambitious , loved , and admired all year ! $ enjoy the social good life in big and small ways this year ! you can participate in more groups and social circles without exhausting yourself or your resources . look forward to lots of party invitations and summer gatherings in august . pay your share , but do not be overgenerous . concentrate on what works best in november . respect health and daily obligations in january . a spiritual insight in march could catch fire in your imagination . a generous act from august could bring you a lucky break at work in april . you and your friends come together for extra pleasure and happiness in may . be loved all year ! $ have many good times with friends and learn ways to improve your material well - being and finances as the year goes on . friends can a guiding force if expenses get unreasonable in august . organize your thoughts in november and enjoy more low - key personal pleasures . be wise and reasonable about health , diet , and safety in january . work steadily and in march learn a deep and happy lesson that makes you better and more effective . be innovative at work in april . social life picks up in may . there may be a few minor clashes , but with good resolutions for all . be surrounded by comfort and friends all year ! $ be popular , mentally sharp , and keenly observant all this year ! you 'll also have a lot to say , though you may want to save it for a trusted few . august holds high summer fun and a few surprises . just be careful about costs and spending . slow down , enjoy more private quality time in november , and do not let a friend 's emotional ups and downs upset you . be safety conscious in january . you may solve a sticky and important dilemma in march . a surprise at work in april can be beneficial later . lighthearted social fun offers relief in june . it 's a loving , enlightening year ! $ people confide in you this year , and you have a lot of confidential advice to share . people enjoy your company , and you may be very busy when the competing invitations arrive in august . do not overspend or over - party . respect your budget and gain more financial respect and trust in november . enjoy some creative , quiet time , too . guard against burnout or exhaustion in january . in march be even more inspired and motivated to go and do what you love . be inventive and productive at work in april . the right people will notice . the final month is packed with sparkling talk , great enthusiasm , and tremendous affection ! $ you may crave a more ideal connection with the people and things you love best . traditions touch your heart and enrich your life every day . be sensitive to the needs of friends in august and celebrate summer festivities with family . respect your budget and money will create no problem . work diligently and enjoy a calm , creative november . take good care of yourself in january and avoid anything risky or reckless . an aspiration becomes reasonable and possible in march . a bold action at work can be well received in april . the last month brings much happiness with clever , ambitious friends and tender love ! $ be privately ambitious and wisely choose when , where , and how outwardly hard to pursue your goals . success is within your grasp , and with care you can make things happen . august is busy with summer get - togethers that could get expensive if you are not careful . have fun and enjoy seeing people happy . pull back a bit in november and schedule quiet time for yourself . be safe , healthy , and responsive to fixing little problems in january . march brings dreams of happiness and love . outward ambition may kick in for you in april . end the year on many high notes of love , wisdom , and success ! $ you 're the center of a big circle of friends and family , so make sure you remember to be at the center of your own life , too ! take good care of your needs and happiness and be strong and ready for anything . be popular and lucky in august and receive some generous treatment from a surprising source . if some people 's requests seem unreasonable to you in november , trust your judgment and be firm . respect any health needs in january . in april be bold and confident at work even if it makes you uncomfortable for a while . be loved and supported all year ! $ hold your head high all year and find joy in every day ! do more of what pleases you and watch the people around you grow happier . make wise money decisions in august , and be generous with your time and favors . many good things will return to you later . save private time in november for what pleases you . get physically active in january and maybe overhaul your ideas of how to be healthy . it may not be possible to do all you want in march . you do a great deal and get a lot of love , especially intimate love , in the final months ! $ get practical and lucky this year and make great progress with money and material wealth of all sorts ! august is an especially lucky and fun time when people want to be and be seen with you . make contacts that can benefit you later . spend more time on your own pursuits in november , though it may briefly cost you some approval or friendship . be true to you . health and the details of daily life are important in january . take extra good care of yourself . april may be the time to be bold and benefit from earlier efforts and relationships . be loved and admired all year ! $ make great progress this year and see your biggest victories come from the smallest efforts ! you appreciate what matters most , and it is not always the loudest or flashiest concerns . be modest in your ambitions ( but be ambitious ) in the first month . august and september light up with fun , generosity , and a golden touch for making lasting connections . concentrate on your own passions in november . be smart about health in january , and tend promptly to any loose ends or worries . people may expect too much of you in march . progress at work blooms in april . it 's a year of love , opportunity , and success ! $ it 's one busy year full of fun , friends , and some crazy big opportunities ! make sure you get your rest and keep your home organized so you can better enjoy all the activity elsewhere . make friends and perhaps more money in august when people like how you do what you do . september is satisfying and less hectic , but work may keep you busy . november is more for you to recover and relish some fun personal projects . be good to yourself in january , too . a big break at work is possible in april , so pay attention . you 're wrapped in love and wisdom , especially near year 's end ! $ it 's a productive year full of friends and personal prime time . work calmly and steadily day by day on the little things and see great progress and satisfaction by year 's end . august is full of heavy socializing and temptations to overspend , but you can weather this popularity storm . see eye to eye with friends and wise relatives in september and october . they 'll respect your need for privacy in november . stay safe and healthy in january . continue calmly working and prepare for an april challenge at work that shows off your skills and talents . love and affection are near at hand all year long ! $ enjoy plenty of support from friends and family , and be ready for whatever opportunities and challenges come your way ! you 're strong , smart , and can make your own breaks . present yourself well in august and attract resources and people who want to advance with you . in october you can clearly see people 's agendas and future work possibilities . make suggestions and secure agreements . explore a private passion in november . be healthy and feel good in january . attend to daily obligations and be ready to pounce - or create - an opportunity at work in april . the closing months are more intimate , passionate , and quiet ! $ put down deep , strong roots with friends , family , and community , and make the most of all the breaks that come your way ! make some of your own , too . your judgment is good and your instincts are better still . enjoy high times in august , but do not linger or overspend . in october be calm and do what makes sense to you , especially at home . you may want to change something that displeases others . remember that you count , too . be safe and healthier in january . april puts you in the spotlight at work . you can make things happen . as the year ends , let people love you ! $ home is your emotional anchor and from there you can take on the world ! you may have moments of doubt or insecurity , but nothing will slow you down . be mentally keen and curious as the year starts . gifts and tenderness from friends will keep you feeling strong and secure in august . be careful with money and enjoy smooth sailing . stay calm in november and december . do not argue with yourself - you 're fine . be strong in january and inspire others in march . work diligently and stay patient in april . rewards are coming . activity , fondness , and love fill the last few months ! $ be productive at home and get closer to loved ones ! your understanding and actions find easy answers to any questions or problems . you may be expected to go through the motions socially or for the family in august . december is more relaxed and concerns your own interests and needs . make yourself happy . be health conscious in january . listen to others ' dreams and wishes in march . be successful at work in april . be bold and take on more authority and responsibility . be firm , not belligerent . quiet , loving times - and maybe some red - hot loving - at home fill out the final months ! $ be your own brightest star and learn what 's most fulfilling for you . make your own evaluations and then trust your judgment . you may need to go along with the flow in august . if income improves , say thank you and keep working hard . you may need more alone time in december to combat holiday madness and explore and satisfy your own needs and desires . stay healthy in january and stay active . april and may are busy at work - or perhaps mostly mentally busy with desired changes and innovations that are slow in coming . hang in there . deep love and devotion embrace you all year ! $ you sparkle with fun and excitement this year ! if not a big trip , a big adventure close to home is still possible . you 're ready to think , plan , and live big . festivities cannot be big enough for you in august . enjoy the popularity and fun , but watch the expense . work calmly until december ignites with more fun and thrills . you 'll keep it safe , no matter how wild it looks at first . attend to daily details in january and do not be caught off guard by anything . be the center of attraction again in april , and maybe go somewhere romantic . relax in the arms of love . sweetness ! $ be surrounded by people and good times this year ! live life on a slightly bigger stage and be more successful at whatever you try . if wishes and careful planning compete in your mind , be confident and then successful . generosity and popularity find you later in august . do not fritter away this good luck - profit all year from it . be firm and confident at home in november and enjoy life more in december . be encouraging and supportive in january and march , and take good care of yourself , too . let your creativity and inner light shine in april . love every day and be loved , too ! $ health and happiness are big on your agenda , and you deserve the extra pampering and attention . do not overthink or imagine problems in the first month , but settle down and be ready to attract good luck , more money , and more attention in august and september . if you 're uncomfortable socially , relax and let it pass . have confidence in december , especially at home . be strong - willed and in control of all the details in january . let someone special confide in you in march . work hard throughout the year , particularly in april and may , but do not fight other people 's battles . your year is full of love ! $ daily life comes together for you as annoyances and complications melt away under your gaze ! you 'll naturally work hard all year but not even consider it work . get in your groove in the first month , get lucky , and have many friends backing you in september . money should be adequate if you remember your budget . maybe save a little in december , but do not neglect your own needs . focus on what needs to be done in january and let the rest wait . someone else 's wishful thinking could get amusing in march . from april until year 's end , be busy , productive , romantic , and in love with life ! $ your birthday year gets off to a great start as you explore new possibilities in love and romance . however , it 's important for you to take the time to go slowly as you pursue these relationship opportunities . otherwise , you might find that later in the year , you have bitten off more than you can chew . this summer will be a good time to pick up the pace , and by fall , you will know whether you can commit for the long term or try again with someone new . the next few months will also be a good time to really get clear on your work and professional life . if you have ever wanted to change careers , winter is the time to get serious and take action . $ plan on taking a vacation this summer as your birthday year begins with a planetary influence that encourages rest and relaxation . this energy do not last long however , and by august the pace picks up and you will be drawn to complete unfinished projects and tie up loose ends . your fall season looks good financially , as all your hard work begins to pay off and you reap the harvest you have worked so hard for . november is a good month for spending time with family and loved ones as you will feel a powerful nesting instinct that promotes building stronger bonds with those you are already close too . make the most of your time together , and take this opportunity to let go of old resentments and tensions . $ if you have been wanting to make changes in your life , this year is the time to do it . your birthday kicks off with a bang , as you take the leap into a whole new era of your life . your courage , bravery and drive are taken to a whole new level as you take risks and try new things . september will bring an important decision that could lead to some doors closing as others open . try to make this decision carefully , paying particular attention to what you will lose as well as what you might gain . december brings a turning point in an intimate relationship , either bringing you closer together , or giving you insight on why you might need to take a break . $ if you have been waiting for something , you should receive an answer or decision now , as your birthday brings a sense of resolution and completion to a long awaited project or issue . love is in the air all summer , as you rediscover your joy and love for life . try not to commit to any one person right away , instead take your time to discover who is really right for you . as the weather turns cooler this fall , you may become so busy with work that you have a hard time making room for relationships . it 's important that you learn to balance these two areas of your life , as you will need both in order to feel happy and fulfilled . plan on a big surprise later in the year as things heat up in your life with a new and unexpected opportunity arising seemingly out of nowhere . $ this birthday year , if you can dream it and believe it , you can be it . now is the time to envision your most desired fantasy becoming reality , as your life takes on a magical flavor , and people , places and events wake you up to new possibilities and astounding opportunities . july may bring a short detour on your path as you try to slow down the pace of your progress . but once you grow more accustomed to all the changes , the speed picks up again , and by late fall you may not even recognize the person you have become . make sure you try to save money now as your expenses could grow later this year due to new additions to your home or family . $ your birthday year should get off to a great start with invitations to a variety of social gatherings and other fun events . as the weather gets warmer , your romantic life should heat up as well . whether you are single or partnered , this summer will bring you plenty of opportunities for love and connection . you may feel that you are working harder for the same results , but by the end of the fall , your efforts will bear fruit , and you are likely to receive some kind of recognition or acknowledgement at work . if you keep your ego in check and avoid acting overconfident , your star will continue to rise , and you can count on success in all your endeavors . $ birthday surprises abound for you as you find fulfillment in unexpected places . your lessons this year revolve around keeping an open mind and trying things you may have been afraid of in the past . through encounters with new friends and romantic partners , your summer should be an unusual one . try to keep your connections with old friends as you experiment with new social activities . in october you may feel the need to spend some time alone , retreating and taking a break from the busy whirl of the previous few months . this fall can also be a good time to save money for the future , when you will decide to make a big purchase , probably something that you have wanted for a long time . $ your birthday celebration may seem to get off to a slow start , leaving you hungering for opportunities to party and have a good time . if you can be patient and trust that you will get what you want , july should bring you many more opportunities for fun and frolic . your mind may also be focused on love this year , as you try to jumpstart your social life and spend more time out and about . it 's likely that you will encounter success in the realm of romance , though it may come in an unusual form . try to keep an open mind and an adventurous spirit and by next year you will likely find yourself happier than you have been in a long time . $ your desire to learn new things and explore beyond the reaches of your immediate environment is strong this year , as you strike out in search of adventure . august brings you opportunities to travel and interact with a new group of people . though you may feel hesitant at first , by the fall , you will find your confidence growing in leaps and bounds . try to remember to be observant and ask questions , as you take on the role of a student . by november , you may have an opportunity to share some of what you are learning with others . at the end of the year , love is in the air , as your courage to reach out and connect to others grows by leaps and bounds . $ this birthday may seem to remind you of everything you are grateful for in your life , as planetary influences bring you a sense of satisfaction and fulfillment . although you may feel challenged to hold onto these good feelings during the month of august , with a little hard work , you will still be able to maintain your appreciation for your life accomplishments even during this stressful time . by the middle of september you will notice that you are ready to take on a new project or mission . think carefully before you make any big commitments , but allow yourself to move forward into this unexplored direction . your family and community may feel neglected at first , but later they will thank you for your hard work . $ if it 's your birthday today , you are in for a real treat as this year is bound to be one you will remember for a long time . july gets off to a great start with exciting encounters with others that lead you to a new understanding of yourself . september may find you working hard to complete unfinished projects , but by the end of the fall , you will have more time to relax and rejuvenate . your finances should improve as well , as you grow more creative in how you apply your skills and talents in the world . try to listen more than you talk this year , learning from those around you and gathering important information that will help you in the future . $ your birthday year may seem challenging at first , leading you to believe that things are harder than they actually are , but if you can be patient , you will reap great rewards later . august looks to be one of your best months in a long time , as you creatively blossom in the world , and express yourself in fun and exciting ways . this process will lead to many new opportunities in work , love and your home life , particularly during mid - to late fall . the more you can maintain your commitment this year to those things that are important to you in life , the greater your rewards will be later . overall , patience and persistence will pay off more than trying to push things forward too quickly . $ mystery , magic and the unexpected are the theme of your birthday this year . you may meet a new person who introduces you to fascinating new arenas of life and intriguing possibilities to explore . july will be a good time to move forward into this new territory , remembering to keep your feet on the ground and take care of practical matters as you take a leap into the unknown . by september you should know if you are going to change your life completely , or take baby steps until you feel comfortable enough to go all the way . at work , late fall could be a good time to ask for a promotion or other change in your professional environment . $ your birthday this year presents you with an opportunity to make a renewed commitment to your health and well - being . if you have ever wanted to take up a new sport or get in shape , this year is the time to do it . in august you will receive extra encouragement in this direction from a friend or romantic partner , who may join in on your efforts , or support you in other ways . you may also have an opportunity to travel in late summer , exploring new environments and being exposed to diverse people and situations . make the most of all this activity , as once the fall season kicks in , you will have ample opportunity to slow down and relax , as you nest in preparation for a new year . $ celebrate in style on your birthday in preparation for great things to come . as your own personal new year sets in , you will be offered a number of appealing opportunities to choose from . love , work and travel top the list , and your own problem may be choosing just a few from so many exciting options . try to remember what is really important to you , and what you value in life above all else . by september , you should have a clear idea of what direction to take , as your life moves forward in a completely different direction than you might have expected . fall is your transition time , as you make the leap from one reality to the next . go more slowly then , but do go . $ imagine your life as if it was exactly the way you wanted it . this birthday year , you might actually have a chance to live this life as planetary influences bring you long sought - after goals . though july might bring some unexpected challenges , by the end of the summer , you will have manifested more than one of your wishes and dreams . love in particular may offer opportunities galore , as you rejuvenate existing relationships or meet exciting new romantic partners in play . gratitude will help this expansive tide of goodness keep flowing right through the fall , as you continue to discover what brings you joy and fulfillment . if winter brings a few wrinkles in your plans , stay patient because things will smooth out early next year . $ fun , playfulness , and humor are easy to manifest this year as your birthday begins on a note of whimsy . try to carry this tone into the rest of your life , as you may feel more serious than usual around matters of the heart . be assured that this will not last forever , as the fall will bring you many chances for love . in fact , you may find yourself hearing from people from your past at this time and taking steps to forge new beginnings . november in particular could be a good time to make progress in relationships , and you will see your work pay off by the beginning of next year . although your success will not be instantaneous , it should be long - lasting . $ your birthday brings you a fresh start , as you clear away the cobwebs of the past and take the next steps on your journey . although you may feel a bit uncertain about the challenges you face , you have a chance to re - create yourself and embark on a whole new life . you may find yourself a little confused in september , questioning your changes and new priorities . if you can stay the course through the fall , you will find that you are able to fully commit yourself to the life you have now chosen . you will probably also receive support and encouragement from a new friend at this time . allow yourself to be helped , even if it makes you feel vulnerable . $ you will probably enjoy being the center of attention on your birthday , but by july you will be craving time alone . try to find a balance between retreating and socializing this year , as you may have a tendency to overdo one or the other . during the month of august you will feel a greater sense of ease in life and be able to relax about the choices and decisions you have made so far . finances may become an issue in september , but by the end of the year you will see a light at the end of the tunnel . it 's possible at this time that you will discover a new way to generate income doing something that comes naturally to you . $ the desire for personal and career advancement could cause you to consider furthering your education in some way , sagittarius . someone close to you , probably a woman , could wake you up to the advantages of returning to school and getting an advanced degree at some point in the future . you may want to wait a little bit before deciding , but something has shifted within you . it 's time for some kind of change . be prepared . $ you 've always felt the need to create , sagittarius . the simplest tasks can fulfill this need . you 're even happy if you sketch on a small piece of paper . over the last month or so you 've been finishing a project close to your heart . do not be afraid to show it off to your friends . people will be thrilled by your work . you deserve to feel proud of what you 've achieved . $ you did the right thing to put off those important decisions and not give in to pressure , sagittarius . you know well that sometimes it 's important to relax and rest for the busy times ahead . today you 'll feel refreshed and ready to tackle the world . you see your problems from a different point of view , and you 're much more optimistic about things . now you can take a calm look at the situation . $ there 's a radical change taking place in the zodiac , sagittarius . the changes in the economy and society seem to suggest that now is the time to think about how your actions impact the lives of your loved ones , community , and society at large . what steps could you take to help make this world a better place ? thinking about these issues prepares you to shape your future as you want it to be . $ the need to concentrate may necessitate that you isolate yourself in order to fully focus on the task at hand , sagittarius . this is fortunate , because you 'll probably accomplish a lot more than you would otherwise and be satisfied with what you 've done . those in authority should be pleased with you , too . take care not to nibble while you work , though . you could eat too much of the wrong thing and feel the effects later . $ you could run into some emotional roadblocks today , sagittarius . this could be due to a lack of honesty on your part . make sure you 're sticking to the truth at all times . a strong , forceful energy could challenge your ego . do not be surprised if this force is emotionally highly charged . conflict is apt to result if you are not honest about your feelings as soon as they arise . $ you should notice a boost of energy today , sagittarius , and your self - confidence should be revitalized . in matters of love and romance , everything is running smoothly . your emotions are stable and grounded . love and harmony are in the air . take this opportunity to move toward the object of your desire with certainty and affection . romance is in the cards for you tonight . $ the fire is raging today , so be careful , sagittarius . try not to be too impulsive in your actions . your natural tendency may be to lash out against others without really thinking about the consequences . if you find yourself getting hot under the collar , you might need to take a step back from the situation and settle down . pursue your goals , but make sure that you do not do so at the expense of others . $ as your career dreams continue to unfold , sagittarius , you may find that there is a downside . first , there are new responsibilities and you might doubt your ability to fulfill them . second , you might find yourself catapulted into the uncomfortable realm of office politics . do not let these matters put a damper on your enthusiasm . you have what it takes to fulfill the first concern and the wisdom to avoid the second . onward and upward . $ even though all continues to go well for you , sagittarius , your mood may go up and down today . in spite of all the great things in your life , you might find yourself feeling a little blue sometime during the day . do not read too much into it . it 's probably just the result of low biorhythms . try to distract yourself with work . this evening talk or text with some friends who always cheer you up . $ you probably are not going to feel much like socializing today , sagittarius , though friends might contact you . your patience has worn a bit thin and you could get annoyed at incidents that normally would not bother you . therefore , this is not a good day for group communication . it might be best to have a good workout and then rest . you 'll probably feel much better after you 're done . $ family issues play an important role today , sagittarius . speak from your heart and tell your closest relatives how much they really mean to you . in general , you might feel a bit reserved with your energy . do not feel like you have to make any great strides just now . it 's more a time to enjoy what you 've worked for . kick back and reap the rewards of all your hard work . $ inspiration is the keyword for the day , sagittarius . you may be feeling highly motivated to move on with what others consider impossible dreams . impossible has never stopped you before , and you are not likely to let it stop you today . you 're more likely to consider all contingencies carefully in order to make them work . friends could be inspired by your vision and determination and follow your example . go for it . $ today is a fantastic day for you , sagittarius , so enjoy yourself fully . your emotions will be stable , and you 'll find that you have a very expansive sense of well - being . your self - confidence is strong , and you should use this to your advantage . this energy may be subtle , but if you tune into it early in the day and set a plan for what you want to accomplish , you 'll find you can be quite productive . $ your sense of self may be a bit challenged today , sagittarius . you might just have trouble getting out of bed at all . remember that the way others see you do not necessarily mean that 's the way you really are . do not feel like you have to change in order to please anyone . ultimately , your only responsibility is to you . bizarre events could occur that prompt you to change your way of thinking . $ the pace of things is likely to slow down a bit compared to what was happening yesterday , sagittarius . this is probably for the best . take this time to do some planning and stabilizing . you 've plowed forth into the fields . now stop and assess what you 've accomplished . take things one step at a time and do not get ahead of yourself . be patient and things will come your way naturally . $ take some of that knowledge you 've picked up and processed over the past few weeks and spread it around , sagittarius . it 's time to put your communication skills to work . you 'll find that your emotions are strongly tied to your actions today , and that things will take on a much lighter tone than they have in the past few days . take deep breaths and release that pent - up tension . $ the day 's energy is erratic and you 're apt to jump all over the place , sagittarius . do not worry about trying to firm up any plans at this time . you may feel like you 're trying to grab a slippery fish with butter on your hands . if this is the case , do not worry about it . let the fish swim away for now and relax . you can always catch another one later if need be . $ you could feel like you 're being double - crossed by a loved one today , sagittarius . it could be that your own words are being used against you in a way that makes you look like the bad guy . when it comes time to make a rebuttal on your behalf , make sure you let the other person know that you 're confronting their behavior and not attacking them as a person . $ expand your mind to its furthest reaches today , sagittarius . there 's an incredible opportunity opening up for you in which you can make great strides in a creative realm . follow the music . pick up an instrument , browse an online music store , or listen to your favorite playlist . let the artist within have room to play . shoot for a goal and do not stop until you reach it . $ no one is going to be catering to your needs today , sagittarius , so get up and do things on your own . you 'll find that there is little sympathy from others , and strong opinions are a dime a dozen . there 's a great deal of gossip buzzing around that you may be tempted to join in on . do not be an enabler of this sort of behavior . it 's only going to alienate you from others in the long run . $ make practical use of the thoughts you have synthesized over the last few days , sagittarius . stretch your boundaries and extend your wisdom to the people around you . this is a day to take action . connect with your heart and move forward with your plans . we normally think of our hearts as being soft , tender , and vulnerable . today think of your heart as being tough , strong , and adventurous . $ put aside frivolity for a day , sagittarius . this is an important time to prepare for the future . do not take another step forward before you know you 're on solid ground . this is a good time to secure your goals on a piece of paper . writing them down in ink will help you manifest them in your life . think about the long - term harvest . security and grounding are key themes of the day . $ other people 's stubborn attitudes may be hindering your progress , sagittarius . take this as a hint that you need to loosen your grip on a certain viewpoint that you 're holding too tightly . there 's a great deal of power behind your emotions today , and these emotions want to be heard . feel free to jump up and take the podium . speak your mind even though you may not necessarily agree with the group . $ daydreams about your future could take up a lot of time today , sagittarius . inspiration could give a real boost to projects you 've been working on . these might involve artistic endeavors or perhaps some sprucing up that you want to do around the house and yard . working together , if possible , might bring you closer to friends , family members , and possibly a love partner . conversations with them could take an unexpected turn . $ you 've reached an emotionally climactic point right now , sagittarius , and you could find some harsh opposition coming at you for no apparent reason . there is a stubborn , strong , oppressive force today , and you should be aware that the more rigid your viewpoint , the harder it will be for any resolution at all . compromise is an essential virtue of the day . $ be a little braver than usual today , sagittarius . take some risks and show others that you have the strength to accomplish anything . there is a lively , anxious feeling to the day that could make you restless . this energy is encouraging you to get up and get going . initiate something rather than wait for someone else to take the lead . do not be afraid to fail . you 'll never succeed if you do not try . $ paperwork involving financial transactions may need to be handled today , sagittarius , but it will not be as tedious as you think . whatever information is required is easily obtained . most of what is presented to you should be clear and understandable , and the people involved helpful . it 's important that you do get this done . if you wait , it might not go as smoothly . in the evening , schedule a romantic encounter , if possible . your level of passion is rather high ! $ new people you meet today are likely to be favorably impressed by your manners , social skills , and , above all , excellent sense of humor . do not be surprised if all of this brings you some new opportunities today ! your health is radiant , and you are probably looking great . this is an excellent time to plan an evening out with friends or , better yet , a romantic partner if possible . $ your natural warmth and loving nature should be more apparent than usual today , sagittarius . you 're likely to attract new people , both men and women , into your aura . perhaps old friends you have not seen for a while suddenly reappear on the scene . this is an excellent time to plan a social event or invite a friend to lunch , if possible . you might also want to fix yourself up and plan a romantic evening ! $ this kind of strange day do not occur often , sagittarius . you no longer seem to know what you want . work or time off ? redecorate your house or live in a beach shack ? it 's hard to communicate because you feel it 's pointless to try to explain your point of view , especially when you do not know what it is . the best thing to do may be to unplug from your usual activities and go for a walk . this confusion will pass . $ new opportunities , perhaps involving writing or speaking , could appear on the horizon along with the current planetary energy , sagittarius . you are not one to take risks on the spur of the moment , so you might want to take all the information into consideration before committing to anything . it is not a good idea to wait too long . things could change ! if what you hear appeals to you , look into it so you do not miss the boat . $ do you have a romantic evening planned for tonight , sagittarius ? if so , it 's likely to turn out to be all you 'd hoped for . you 'll be especially attractive , and your naturally warm and loving nature will be very apparent . even casual encounters with friends may bring about closer bonding , and new acquaintances are likely to become friends . your communicative skills are good now , and people will likely respond to you . go for it ! $ you could be feeling the pressure of time now , sagittarius . at this point in your life you may be more aware than ever of your limited time left on this planet . perhaps you 're thinking more about love and romance and how much they mean to you . consider the limitations of each , but do not dwell on them . the important thing is to embrace today and make the most of the time and love you have now . $ you could find it harder than usual to wake up this morning , sagittarius , as your energy may be flagging . personal or professional pressures might stir feelings of futility , but do not fall into this trap . in spite of your momentary lethargy , everything on the horizon looks far better than it seems - primarily because of your own hard work . retire early tonight and tomorrow you 'll feel more energetic . $ there is solid grounding to your emotions right now that is helping you stabilize your sensitive feelings , sagittarius . as you become more attuned to your internal needs , you may discover that recent actions in romance and love may not have been particularly appropriate . they could have seemed satisfying at the time , but on closer examination you may discover that you were compromising in order to make it seem like everything was working the way you wanted it to . $ you 're apt to need emotional freedom , sagittarius . perhaps you sense that you 're being coerced or manipulated into feeling a certain way and feel trapped in the situation . if you can distance yourself , you 're likely to see that you 're indeed getting caught up in someone else 's drama . right now it 's imperative that you find an outlet where you can express yourself freely without feeling like you have to act a particular way . $ delight in all your projects today , sagittarius . you should enjoy a positive mood and pleasurable experiences with others . let the good times roll . your ego and emotions should be acting harmoniously . you have every reason to smile , so keep grinning from ear to ear . you 're able to get a lot accomplished if you so choose . adjust your compass , check the prevailing winds , and set sail . $ there 's likely to be a powerful force at work trying to manipulate the way you think about a certain situation , sagittarius . be conscious of the source of your facts . it could be that someone is giving you tainted information so you 'll act in a way that is favorable to his or her plan . others may not be looking out for your best interests , so it 's important that you are . do not accept things blindly without question . $ you 're apt to come up with some new , radical thoughts today , sagittarius , which you should feel free to share with others . there are opportunities around that you should grab hold of . be aggressive about pushing ahead with your progressive thoughts . communication with people who possess opposing viewpoints will prove quite valuable . take a lesson from the bizarre and outlandish . $ people might be a bit argumentative when it comes to romantic issues today , sagittarius . your instincts could be telling you to restrain yourself and hold back , while the prevailing winds are urging you to strike out for new ground . realize that your heart may need a bit of freedom and detachment . your sensitive nature could be causing you to read too much into the issues at hand . $ today is a very expansive day in which you can make great progress in all of your endeavors , sagittarius . be careful of deception by others . there may be a surreal cloud that covers up reality . you may need to do a little digging to locate the truth . maintain a mellow attitude in order to stay safe . sudden , extreme actions fueled by anger or fear are likely to get you into trouble . $ your mind is thinking quite clearly today , sagittarius . you 'll discover that you have a keen ability to tune into the subtle energies that are moving through your life right now . the good news is that your ego and brain are working together , and you may be able to strike a better balance between these two elements of your psyche much more easily than usual . $ remember that one wrong move today could cause you to have a headache for a good long while , sagittarius . do not take uncalculated risks . there 's dynamism and confidence in the air , and even though you may be tempted to step off the ledge , think twice about doing so . keep your parachute handy . maintain your internal power by celebrating your uniqueness instead of your need to show off your daredevil spirit . $ you 're incredibly productive , with good business sense , sagittarius . however , lately you may have felt dissatisfied with where you are in life . as you look around , you might wish you had more possessions to show for all your hard work . do not pursue this line of thought . real value comes from relationships and the pride you get from doing a job well . a new car or fancy clothes may lift your spirits , but it 's superficial . $ if you follow your instincts and dare to take some risks , sagittarius , you 'll be handsomely rewarded . you have the capability to make a good project great . do your best not to get distracted today . keep your eye on the big picture rather than let yourself get bogged down in details . you 'll find that when you take care of the big issues , the little ones take care of themselves . $ today is a great day to act on things that have been brewing in your brain for quite some time , sagittarius . perhaps you 've been feeling unsure of yourself . it 's ok to surrender and admit that you just do not have all the answers . use this as an opportunity to restructure and rebuild . embrace the unknown rather than fear or resist it . this is a great time to move toward it . $ today is an important day in which you can breathe creative energy into a structured situation , sagittarius . you 'll find that bolstering the aesthetics of your surroundings will help inspire you to be more disciplined and eager to keep things neat and tidy . take your time and do not let other people 's anxiety cause you to rush into anything you are not ready for . $ sticking close to home may leave you feeling like you 're missing the boat on certain things , but you 're probably better off , sagittarius . people may make outlandish promises that sound good today but will basically flop tomorrow . stay safe and do not invest a great deal of time or money in risky ventures . keep moving at a steady pace . you 'll find success your own way . $ are you waiting to hear some important news , sagittarius ? significant career matters may be involved . this is not a good day to sit around waiting . your call will probably come late , when you least expect it . turn on your voicemail , get dressed , and go out and do something else for a while . otherwise you could well drive yourself crazy hoping for the news . hang in there . $ this could be one of those days in which you feel like you just cannot get anything right , sagittarius . in an effort to appease other people , you may think you have to make some adjustments that make you feel uneasy . this uncomfortable feeling could turn into nervousness , restlessness , and eventually anger . do not feel like you need to be the one to make any sacrifices at this time . $ tempers may get hot today when someone says something that pierces you to your core . address this problem right away , sagittarius , instead of letting it fester through the rest of the day . the solution requires sensitivity and caring . let the offender know that he or she has hurt you significantly , if that is indeed the case . there 's no need for you to try to hide your feelings . $ an unexpected communication may come today from someone connected with your career , sagittarius . this is good news , but it may be so off the wall that you could walk around in a daze for a while trying to make sense of it all . do not agonize too much . you 've worked hard for and deserve whatever it is that 's suddenly coming to you . think of it as a karmic reward . go celebrate ! $ overwork and the resulting stress and nerve strain could result in tension headaches today , sagittarius . it might be a good idea to start the day pacing yourself and concentrating on the most pressing tasks . do not worry if you have to leave some for later . there 's a chance that others around you might get into some rather heated arguments . stay out of it . this would only make you feel worse . $ a letter or call could arrive today bringing upsetting news about money , sagittarius . your first reaction might be to blame yourself or someone else , but the circumstances are probably beyond anyone 's control . chances are it can be set right . before anyone gets too upset , it 's best to investigate and find out what needs to be done . it might take some effort , but all will be well . $ you usually place a lot of importance on self - control . today this skill will come in handy when you receive some wonderful news that might otherwise move you to tears . do not carry it too far . under these circumstances , it 's ok to let it out a bit . your hard work and dedication to your career are paying off . news about possible advancement could arrive . it 's a very eventful day . $ surprising news about your finances and the economy in general could cause you to feel confident and secure about your financial future , sagittarius . an unexpected raise could be on the way , possibly because of sudden changes in the workplace . some of the information may seem vague and uncertain at first , but later news should clear it up . it seems a celebration is in order ! $ your imagination should be flying high today , sagittarius , and your creative juices flowing freely . exceptional ideas for projects involving writing , music , or painting could pop into your head during the day . start on one and list the others so you can refer to them later . do not be surprised if you find your intuition increasing as well . make the most of it all and have fun . $ do not be surprised if sometime during the day you feel angry for no apparent reason , sagittarius . it 's probably rooted in the past , from a situation that was not resolved long ago . take a good look at what 's going on today . did some person or event awaken old traumas within you ? let them and the anger go . this can only benefit you and clear the way for more positive emotions . $ different people measure success by different scales . you should not get discouraged if your accomplishment today seems small compared to what others have done in the same period . comparisons will make it difficult for you to feel like you 're getting anywhere . someone else will always do more . be content with what you do today , even if it 's something simple . $ chances are that you 'll feel upbeat and positive today . share this energy with others who feel less than content . your attitude can have a profound effect on friends , partners , spouse , and children . neighbors and extended family can pick up on your spirit without you even realizing it . if someone is hurt or angry , be encouraging . everything will eventually work out . $ today should go well for you , sagittarius . expect to feel a renewed energy and fresher perspective , especially concerning anything work related . make the most of this by finishing projects that have been stalled or organizing your desk or closets . feel confident that you can handle any task quickly . when everything is taken care of , make plans for a little recreation . you deserve it . $ today may find you in the mood for an adventure or a visit if possible , sagittarius . when was the last time you took a day for something like this ? it 's probably been too long . not only will you enjoy it , but others will be thrilled to spend time with you , too . whether you invite a friend along or go alone , seize the opportunity to visit people or see someplace new . $ you 'll probably be busy today , sagittarius , and this may suit you just fine . this can really work in favor if you have some tasks to catch up on . being energetic , active , and productive is natural for you . in fact , when you have to sit too long you probably feel restless or anxious . you may fidget , too . if you find yourself doing this , go find something active to do . $ do you recognize your intuition as a valuable asset , sagittarius ? some people do and some do not . which group are you in ? it can be easy to trust more in concrete , factual reality than in the things you cannot touch , yet your intuition can serve you more than you may realize . that gut feeling you experience can guide you toward greatness and alert you to danger . trust it more . $ if long - overdue work has piled up , sagittarius , today is the day to dig in . this is especially so for things you were notable to handle yesterday . fortunately , you have added strength and mental acuity . things will go smoothly . make the most of this energy by not putting off anything . the pile will just grow if you procrastinate . do what needs to be done and you 'll feel great . $ add more sunshine to your day , sagittarius . it may be time to stir up your inner passion and let it speak with greater confidence than you have been lately . make sure you heal yourself by letting the people around you hear your truth loud and clear . do not play games in order to please others . stay true to yourself above all else . $ you could be asked to make some spontaneous decisions today that you might not feel entirely comfortable making , sagittarius . you could feel you do not have enough facts to make an educated decision about what to do next . realize that sometimes it 's necessary to bite the bullet and make the best choice based on the knowledge you have . be adventurous and trust your judgment . $ if visitors are able to pop in and out during the day , sagittarius , you 'll be in the right frame of mind to enjoy their company . expect interesting news and stimulating conversation . at the end of the day , your mind may be going like a house afire , so it might be a good idea to take a walk or get some other form of exercise or else you might not be able to sleep . $ today you 're apt to feel very sensual and passionate , sagittarius . sexy clothes , racy novels , and romantic movies could be more appealing than usual . do not be surprised if you attract admiring glances from strangers . this is an excellent day to schedule an evening alone with a lover , although you might not be able to get together now . you 'll enjoy it whenever it happens . better late than never ! $ if you find yourself in a slump today , sagittarius , do not worry . it could be that nothing fits right or that a certain nervous , restless energy urges you to take action , but uncertainty prevents you from knowing which way to turn . this combination could result in a locked - up feeling that keeps you incapable of any movement at all . $ the time has come for you to be more flexible in your approach , sagittarius . things are changing quickly , and if you are not prepared to change with them , you 'll be left behind . be aware of the fluctuating atmosphere around you and be prepared to make the necessary internal adjustments that help you fit in better with the external environment . do not fear change . $ today you feel in control and on top of the world . you can do anything , sagittarius . this would be an auspicious time to begin a new project or creative endeavor . you cannot help but succeed but take care not to get in your own way . sometimes you can be your own worst enemy . believe in yourself and move confidently in the direction of your dreams in order to make them come true . $ today you might be so gloomy that you do not even want to get up . it might not be a good idea to stay home , however . try to find some tasks to distract you . at some point during the day , get out in the open air and take a walk , preferably through a park and near water , if possible . you 'll get the endorphins going and lift your spirits considerably . $ today you might crave the companionship of friends and lovers alike , sagittarius . you 're probably in the mood for some good food , good music , and great conversation , and that 's just what you 'll get if it s possible in any way . later you might spend time alone with a love partner , reflecting on recent conversations . some of them might be worthy of deeper thought . have a pleasant day and a wonderful evening . $ you 're probably feeling more in touch with your emotions , sagittarius , but it might be difficult to know which way to move based on where you are . there 's an element of aggression in your world today that might aggravate your heart , making it difficult for you to get a grip on your situation . try to calm down and focus before making any major decisions . $ you and your mate may be experiencing some differences of opinion . it seems you each have definite ideas about some of life 's fundamental values and they are not completely in sync . make an extra effort to communicate , sagittarius . you may find that your values are not as far apart as they first seemed . this rift between you will soon close . hang in there . $ you may get frustrated today , sagittarius , especially in the morning when other people 's egos seem to be strong . it could be difficult to relate to people who simply refuse to accept any opinion but their own . things should mellow out by afternoon . you 'll find people start to see things from your perspective . remain confident in your position despite the vacillation of others . $ today you should feel especially sexy and relationships with romantic partners should go well , sagittarius . your passions are intense , the lines of communication are open , and appreciation of one another is running high . there might be talk of taking a long trip together in the future . plan a cozy evening for two . you 'll want to do a lot of talking - and more ! $ an unexpected career break could come your way , sagittarius . it should be exciting and encouraging - and a little scary ! do not let apprehension get to you . you will not want to let this opportunity pass you by . your good fortune could arouse envy in some of your co - workers , but do not let this bother you either . simply do what you need to do to get the ball rolling and then go ahead with it . $ feel free to take care of any restructuring in your life that needs to be done now , sagittarius . change may be a bit scary at first , but realize that it 's a necessary variable in order to make progress . you may not have to change your focus or destination too much , but it 's possible that you 'll need to adjust your course to get there . $ a new romance may be in store today , sagittarius , perhaps with someone you 've known for a long time , but you suddenly view in a new light . you could see a side of this person that you 've never seen before , totally changing your perception of him or her . any new relationship formed today shows a lot of promise of developing into a lifelong connection . the bonds involved will run deep . $ relations with people on the job should be warm , sagittarius , and this could do wonders for your career . take nothing at face value . all may not be as it seems . someone has issues with you that render him or her untrustworthy . take care to avoid getting too close to anyone who seems a little under the weather . your immune system is a bit weak , and you could catch a bug . $ someone close to you may not be totally honest . this person could be avoiding telling the truth or hiding something from you in order to protect you . trust your instincts , sagittarius . if someone tells you something important that do not ring true , check it out before accepting one person 's word . this is not a vicious deception - only a protective one . but shielding someone from the truth can sometimes backfire ! $ it might feel like there 's a hole in your heart today , sagittarius , and you could have a hard time filling it . remember that you 're the one responsible for making sure this void is taken care of . if you insist that someone else fill the gap , you 're setting yourself up for disappointment . do something nice for yourself and feel free to spend a little money to make yourself happy . $ frustration may be the word for today , sagittarius . you could be experiencing a bit of wanderlust . distant states and foreign lands may beckon to you , but circumstances could make it hard for you to get away . there might also be friction with your partner . do not get sucked into a quarrel . use your placid nature to get grounded , then use your practicality to solve the issues at hand . $ prosperity is just around the corner , sagittarius . with it comes change . change in your job , career , or environment figures prominently today . however this change manifests , it 's bound to be positive . you 're lucky , and you 're about to hit the road to even greater success . savor this moment , for you 'll be busy soon ! $ during this time , you 'll feel especially intuitive , optimistic , and spiritually on a roll . you could feel artistically inspired , sagittarius , and channel some of your newfound awareness into recently started projects . your relationships are probably going well . your increased understanding of others ' needs makes you generous with sympathy or assistance where needed . enjoy your day . $ demands placed on you by work colleagues could have you stressed , sagittarius . you might feel that your co - workers are taking unfair advantage of you . this could start you thinking of perhaps going into business for yourself or with a partner . this could well be a great idea , but today is not the day to make a decision this monumental . wait a few days and give it some serious thought . $ if you 've never tried your hand at the arts , sagittarius , this is the day to do it . your imagination and ingenuity are flying high , and your aesthetic sense is acute right now . if you are not already involved with such activities , look online to see what classes or workshops are offered . get a friend to sign up with you . you 'll probably have a great time ! $ you may have a strange paranoia that people are out to get you today , sagittarius , but do not let this feeling paralyze you . your emotions are more than likely getting the better of you . the reality of the situation is much different than your sensitive emotions perceive . avoid the tendency to escape even further into this fantasy world . stay away from drugs or alcohol . $ it may be much easier than usual to express your emotions to someone today , sagittarius . if there has been something on your mind for a while , now is the time to say it . you 'll be able to paint a clear picture of your true feelings . express yourself with confidence so you do not come across as helpless or clingy . your sensitivity is a gift that others will recognize and appreciate . $ today should be busy with regard to communication , sagittarius . calls and emails to people close to you may take up a lot of your time . you could be organizing a meeting or social event of some kind . you 're probably feeling optimistic and enthusiastic , and you 'll likely spread these feelings to others . you 're also better able to intuit what 's going on with them . $ erotic dreams could wake you up in a strange mood , sagittarius . you could long for a romantic encounter , but the impact is likely to be stronger than that . these intense dreams might stimulate your creative juices . if you are not currently working on a project , ideas could flood your imagination . let them stew for a while . there 's no rush to pick one . enjoy your day . $ today , a flash of inspiration may resolve an obstacle to your career advancement that presented itself in the past few days , sagittarius . this solution could prove so beneficial that you 'll want to remember it for obstacles in any area of your life for the future . you may feel so good about resolving this that you 'll want to go out and celebrate . go for it ! $ you may find people very stubborn today , so take care , sagittarius . arguments can explode out of nowhere , so have your helmet ready . think before you act and do not feel pressured to get involved in something that makes you feel uncomfortable . remember that it 's ok to just walk away . no one will win the boxing match , so do not even get in the ring . $ information gleaned from surprising sources could lead to sudden , fortunate career breaks , sagittarius . you might explore totally new fields , although this could be temporary . your efforts should attract the attention of those who matter and eventually lead to advancement or a raise . do not be afraid to continue to explore these sources . keep up the good work ! $ your values could oppose those of a business or romantic partner today , sagittarius . one of you may be overly pragmatic and the other too idealistic . one seems callous , while the other seems to be living in a dream world . this could be a milestone in your relationship if approached properly . if you cannot create a win win situation , perhaps you should reconsider the partnership . $ with the current celestial energy , you might be going on a trip , sagittarius . it may be for business , pleasure , or both . it 's likely that this trip will achieve certain goals . perhaps you 're aiming for a promotion . chances are you 'll be successful in your ambitions . or you may be ready to set out on your own and start a new business . it 's an excellent time for this , too . $ are you romantically attracted to someone you know through work , sagittarius ? if so , this is not a good time to pursue it . you might be wearing your heart on your sleeve a little too obviously . this could be unsettling for your friend , and it might sabotage the results you 're hoping for . be patient and let the relationship develop . your feelings could well be mutual ! $ you could go over your accounts today and find that there 's considerably less there than you thought . it is not serious , but it can still be disappointing . there could be a new contract in the final stages of negotiation that will prove favorable , and you can find a way to make up for the shortfall . in the meantime , cut expenses so finances stay healthy until the new contract materializes . $ today you 'll realize that a clean slate brings with it the chance for a new beginning . you feel excited and optimistic about the future . your goals are clear , and your mind is sharp . how can you not succeed ? take care not to let your fantasies run away with you . keep your eyes on your attainable goals rather than waste time and energy chasing pipe dreams . $ a change in career could be in the works for you , sagittarius . it might be within the scope of your current job or an entirely new one . it 's definitely a change for the better . do not let insecurity or an attachment to your current circumstances hold you back . whatever opportunities appear at this time may not come around again for a long while . think about it carefully and then follow your heart . $ instinct and determination drive you toward unconventional plans for making money , sagittarius . a finance counselor or other professional could be involved . you may see this as an opportunity to restore your ailing bank account . you may have future purchases in mind , perhaps even a new home . consider your plans carefully before going ahead . you 'll want to be sure it 's what you need . $ you may have lost your usual control of the purse strings and spent too much money lately , sagittarius . do not worry about it . it 's all been for a good cause . it 's nothing you cannot handle , and certainly not enough to bankrupt you . the situation is only temporary anyway . the financial picture looks great for you in the months to come . make the most of it ! $ today 's planetary energies are stimulating your ambition , sagittarius . issues connected with your professional life may be very much on your mind . you could plot out ways to further your career . perhaps you seek a promotion in your current business , or you could be thinking about looking for another job entirely . this is the ideal time to put specific plans into place for the future . $ your technical skills take a real leap forward today , sagittarius . it seems all that training you 've done is finally paying off . your new skills will greatly increase your efficiency and enhance your marketability . if you 've been thinking about applying for a new position , get your resume ready to send out when you see an appealing ad . any move you make will be for the better . $ a strong attraction to someone could take you by surprise today , sagittarius . this person could be involved in the arts in some way , perhaps film , television , or recording . you might spend considerable time , perhaps virtually , together for the purpose of working on a project , but the energy between you should be strong and apparent to both of you . if you 're interested in a new relationship , make sure you look your best ! $ your old ways of thinking have carried you quite far , sagittarius , but you may now find that it 's time to seek a new platform for your ideas . look for more adventurous ways to express yourself . break out of the old mold and try something new . once you start in a bran - new direction , there will be a great deal of support encouraging you to continue along that way . $ your reluctance to speak could get you in trouble today , sagittarius . you may hesitate to share what you know for fear of what others might think . you should realize that you 're using this as an excuse to hide what 's really just selfishness . share your knowledge with others and you will be amazed at the knowledge that comes back to you in return . keep in mind that you may need to wait for it . $ today your thoughts may turn to fashion and the different ways in which you can improve your wardrobe . do not be afraid to create a look that reflects your true inner spirit . deck yourself in external splendor to illustrate the many different colors and layers that you carry on the inside . do not hesitate to pick up a fashion magazine at the grocery store . $ you 're likely to want to spend some time alone with your partner today , sagittarius , but with the current planetary influences at play , either you or your honey 's career concerns could get in the way . an unexpected opportunity needs to be explored right away , so you might not be able to spend any time together now . contact with friends could also prove frustrating since everyone is busy . $ when it comes to relationships with others , be careful about insisting that everything be done only your way , sagittarius . it could be that you have such high expectations of your partner that he or she will never be able to live up to your standards . basically , you 're setting the stage for failure by demanding that the person for you be of a certain make and model . $ you may find that your love is incredibly magnetic now , sagittarius . all you need to do is be yourself and suddenly people flock your way . there are terrific opportunities for you to strengthen the bonds you have with the people you care about the most . solidify your relationship with soft romantic words and actions . there is an extra sensuality to your mood and actions now . $ be wary of big promises today , sagittarius . this could be one of those days when people are more likely to take a gamble because they 're unrealistic about how things are going to work out . do not be surprised if the stock market jumps as a result of the dollar signs that people imagine . it will be hard for others to resist when people receive promises of a big payoff . $ you may feel more reserved than usual , sagittarius , especially when it comes to romantic relationships . you may be feeling apprehensive about expressing yourself fully , even in the most intimate situations . be careful about sending messages that suggest that you do not want to be around others . people are apt to think they 're to blame for your reluctance . it 's fine to be a recluse , but do not completely alienate yourself in the process . $ changes may be taking place on the home front , sagittarius , perhaps unexpected repairs or someone moving in or out . your household could seem frenetic and disorganized until the dust settles , which do not sit well with your love of peace and quiet . whatever needs to be done is best accomplished one step at a time , with your mind focused on the results . it will help you stay sane ! $ today you might decide to tackle your financial paperwork and get it all done . this is a great day for that , sagittarius , although you might be a little too ambitious and not get as much done as you 'd like . this is a good time to make use of any writing talent , because ideas could be coming to you thick and fast . expect many of letters or phone calls in this busy and stimulating day . $ today you may feel especially warm and loving toward just about everybody in your circle , sagittarius , even those you usually find irritating . you could also be looking especially attractive and feeling more confident than usual . you might even feel like shopping for new clothes . artistic ideas could flow freely , and you might think of different ways to put them to work for you . $ you tend to be practical and businesslike by nature , sagittarius , but the tremendous growth you 've experienced may increase your desire to be as sensible and efficient as possible in order to continue this trend . you 're feeling upbeat and positive . you 're likely to continue to feel this way . the only downside is that you 're probably going to be working very hard . you will like the results , though , so go for it . $ there is some likelihood that you will be haunted by thoughts of your love life today , sagittarius . perhaps you 're intrigued by the idea of exploring certain secret realms of your relationship , yet you are not sure how to communicate this to your mate . perhaps you 're still testing the waters , waiting until you know how you feel . in any case , you might decide to proceed today . $ today you may have some important phone calls to make , sagittarius , and want to get them out of the way before doing anything else . you will definitely get your message across because your communicative abilities are very strong . words combine with feelings to create understanding between you and just about anyone , whether you 're talking on the phone or writing . $ your slow and steady approach might be met with a bit of opposition today , sagittarius . people could be demanding of your time and energy . it 's one of those days in which the people behind you in line at a coffee shop might give you dirty looks if you take too long to make up your mind . $ information coming your way today might be unreliable , sagittarius . it could be hard for you to take a solid hold on the messages you get . keep in mind that there are important answers waiting to be heard . these answers will come to you when you least expect them . keep your mind open to new possibilities and the path will open up and become clear . do not compromise your consciousness with abusive substances . $ you may end up being the peaceful savior that calms everyone down today , sagittarius . use your artistic nature and love of beauty and harmony to inspire others to put away their differences and concentrate on the positive aspects . generous acceptance of others is the only way to go , especially today , when people are riled up and ready to fight . do your best to promote peace . $ if you 've been reluctant to make a move , sagittarius , you should consider why . what has been holding you back ? fear of failure ? a negative comment from someone else ? feeling like you are not quite prepared for the consequences of your actions ? it 's time to free yourself of these mental barriers that keep you from making progress . do not let self - doubt get in the way of your plans . $ your thinking is apt to be quite clear and rational today , sagittarius . this is especially important since others will be looking for your thoughts and opinions on a certain matter . people will know that they can get a straight and honest answer from you , so do not disappoint them . think through each situation clearly before you offer your advice . you will find that it 's worth the effort . $ obstacles that you have ignored are suddenly starting to expand beyond reasonable proportions , sagittarius . be careful of what you say as a result , because your words could spread like wildfire . this is no laughing matter . difficulties in your world are likely to crop up , and you will find your ego threatened . try to keep some sort of emotional barrier . $ inner conflict regarding spiritual matters might have you questioning your and others ' beliefs . you might doubt just about everything , sagittarius , and you could be tempted into angry debates over different concepts . books or tv documentaries on whatever is bothering you might spark your curiosity and calm you down a little . a legal matter might come to the forefront today . it 's a hassle , but it needs to be handled . $ the desire to get together with friends is strong today , sagittarius , but you might be unable to do it in the way you 'd hoped . you could be delayed by leftover work or chores , or other restrictions could get in the way . do not despair , however . you can still have fun as planned . pitch into whatever needs to be done and get it out of the way . you might be able to do what you wanted to do after all . $ today you might feel the desire to break free from your daily routine , sagittarius , particularly regarding career matters . you might consider developing a business of your own , one that would give you a lot more freedom than you currently have . this is a good day to start looking into it . you might find that there are more possibilities out there than you expected . $ dissatisfaction with certain job conditions might come to a head today , sagittarius . a discussion with colleagues might be necessary to defuse a potentially explosive situation . clear , honest communication is necessary in order to avoid misunderstandings . try to remain objective . do not let your emotions take control . things will work out to everyone 's satisfaction . the situation is temporary and unlikely to have lasting negative effects . $ a sudden , unexpected problem at home could be rather upsetting . this probably relates to plumbing , electricity , or some other kind of home equipment . you will have to handle it , sagittarius , which means you will be housebound for most of the day waiting for a repairman when you 'd rather be out . a friend might hear of your predicament and come over to keep you company . $ a subject that you 've been studying for a long time might suddenly start making sense to you , sagittarius . or you could finally reach a point where you can make it work for you in a practical way . your thinking now is especially clear , focused , down to earth , and efficient , so whatever you try or start today is likely to lead to success . do not let occasional self - doubt stop you . $ a sense of duty toward family members , children , and your sweetheart may cause you to take on responsibilities today that you would not normally assume . sincere efforts on behalf of those you care about are likely to bring the results you want . it will not just make you happy but will also please those you are helping . this not only makes you feel appreciated , it will also boost your physical strength . $ have you wanted to take a certain online course or workshop , sagittarius ? if so , this is a good day to consider all the details , make some phone calls , or enroll . as far as your educational goals go , you 're very focused . you 're apt to stick with any program you decide to tackle . you 're also apt to learn more quickly and retain more . think about it , read the pertinent literature , then make some calls ! $ what you think may happen today is apt to be the opposite of what actually happens , sagittarius . it could be that you have a strong mental picture of how things should proceed but end up taking a completely different action . try to engage every part of your body , mind , and spirit so that all are on the same page regardless of what activity you actually do . $ try not to get tangled in other people 's words , sagittarius . it could be that you 're accidentally misconstruing their statements because you are not listening closely . rather , your mind is focused on your own thoughts , even though you snap to attention when something hits you wrong . show respect by turning down the volume in your head when someone else has the floor , even if you do not agree with what they 're saying . $ your creative juices are flowing freely , sagittarius , but there appears to be a roadblock . something or someone apparently do not want you to continue down the path you 're on . perhaps he or she is scared that you 're going to discover a whole new passion in life that they do not necessarily agree with . do not forget who is running your show - you and no one else . $ if a friend or acquaintance gives you advice about money or investments today , do not take it . to follow this unaware person 's lead might prove to be disastrous . participation in group activities also is not advisable . they could get out of hand , and you could find end up in the middle of an angry crowd . this is a great day to stay home , sagittarius . work on your own project . $ what are you afraid of , sagittarius ? is it contact with other people ? it 's as if an invisible rope were holding you back from getting close to people , or worse , pulling you back . what 's this about ? you 're going through a period that 's closely linked to your past . a failed relationship still haunts you and casts its shadow on the current one . get rid of the skeletons in your closet ! $ with today 's celestial configuration , your emotional universe will once again glow with positive energy . you will be meeting more people , and your encounters are likely to be more profound . the coming weeks are quite promising for you , sagittarius . the music will be in the key to pleasure and sensuality . allow the music to fill your senses ! $ your innate talent and conscientious work ethic earn you admiration and respect . whether you 're aware of it or not , others look up to you as someone who has it together . yet you still have that nagging doubt that you 're an impostor . today 's astral energies ask you to look at where these doubts originate . it 's time to get to the source and exorcise the monsters for good ! they have nothing to do with your success . $ people may be difficult to deal with today , sagittarius . you may soon discover that they 're just as stubborn as you are . try to give others the benefit of the doubt or there will be a stalemate in just about every corner of your life . do not consider it a loss or failure of character if you find you need to make some concessions in order to get things to work . $ minor tensions could arise today , sagittarius . people close to you , perhaps your mate or parents , seem to be trying to force you to adopt a behavior that you are not at all willing to follow . will you negotiate your independence gently or tear yourself free from their domination ? the second possibility seems more likely . $ there 's some likelihood that a recent meeting with an influential person has put a damper on your hopes for your projects . will you abandon them and live with regret ? or will you choose to maintain your goals despite advice to the contrary and the risk of encountering disapproval from your supervisors ? this is the type of question you will have to resolve today , sagittarius . $ are you hankering for a little fun and longing for a little experimentation and perhaps even childish play ? tempting as these prospects are , you will have to ignore them . sagittarius , you simply do not have the time , at least not today . you will be too busy coping with numerous little emergencies that crop up and having to justify your decisions throughout the day . $ today you should think about your overdependence on money and material possessions , sagittarius . do not you think you spend too much of your precious time thinking about money and where you 're going to find it ? are you careful with your money ? do you stick to or even have a budget ? these are important questions , and this is a good day to find the answers . $ the stars indicate that love and romance are in your favor , sagittarius . you will find that this area of your life is going well . shower your partner with affection . you honey 's ego needs to be stroked . however , do not spoil him or her to the point that your mate becomes self - centered and ends up disregarding all of your wants and needs . $ it 's possible that you could be in conflict with people of the opposite sex today , sagittarius . you may feel as if they put obstacles in front of you and slow you down . but instead of getting into conflicts that could eventually escalate into full - blown confrontations , try and ask yourself what they think you 're doing wrong . does your personality consider both your masculine and feminine sides ? $ your inner power is probably at an all - time high , sagittarius . you should be feeling especially confident . you 're likely to have a stronger influence on others than usual . you could exercise the power of mind over matter . you could think of something only to have it happen at some point during the day . today you should guard your thoughts and be careful what you wish for . you just might get it ! $ artistic inspiration could come from deep within at some point today , perhaps even from a dream or vision . you 're likely to have a lot of energy to pour into creativity right now , sagittarius , and if you work hard and do not lose sight of the business side of the arts , you could move forward . do not be surprised if you suddenly meet the right person to give you the right advice ! $ the energy of the day should have you feeling pretty good , sagittarius . your spirits should be high , and laughing may well be a good part of your day . when you laugh , it gets other people going . this is a powerful effect to have . you may find that you can transfer the enthusiasm and good feelings you have to those around you . share your positive energy by smiling , laughing , and just being yourself . $ if things have not been going too well with those you spend most of your time with , sagittarius , it might be time to consider your expectations of them . ask what kinds of demands you place on others and if they 're fair . is it possible that you expect the same from others that you give , but perhaps they are not able to match your level of performance ? consider talking with the people involved to find out how they feel . $ the person who is most organized and stable will win the race , so let it be you , sagittarius . be careful , though . other people may try to distract you from your work . you may be in the middle of an important project and decide to take a break . before you know it , the phone rings and suddenly you 're trapped with no escape . the break that you hoped would take no more than five minutes has turned into a big interruption . $ your optimism is likely to receive a little boost today , sagittarius . a memorable emotional encounter may be the source of some extra zeal . or you may derive great satisfaction from being part of a group . the nagging chores of daily life will be forgotten for today at least . the outlook is nothing but positive ! $ take cover , sagittarius , because today promises to be an emotional roller coaster ! something seems to be askew with your relationships , and you feel torn in opposite directions . one force is pushing you to enrich your inner universe and another force is pushing you into the arms of someone you 've recently met . stay busy to avoid confrontation . $ you can expect your mood to improve today , sagittarius . the professional and private projects that you have at the moment should be progressing well . you feel reassured , and you 're encouraged to make some new plans . if you continue to keep up the good rhythm , you will have success in redefining your goals and life direction . $ unusual and unexpected opportunities to better your career could come to you today through friends . these friends could provide you with valuable information about making maximum use of your skills , sagittarius . efficiency could get a boost from technology . expect a number of interesting communications , all bringing good news . this could prove to be a stimulating , exciting day . $ if you feel as though you are not making sufficient progress toward your goals , use this day to correct your aim . are you disappointed with your love life ? you may have devoted a great deal of energy to it lately without seeing much payoff . wait a few more days before you make any drastic decisions about the future , sagittarius . $ your mind is apt to be fixed on one thing today , sagittarius , and you will not rest until you 've obtained it . perhaps it 's a physical place you 're trying to get to , a new gadget that you want to own , or a person you 'd like to get to know better . do not be surprised if you have to put up a bit of a fight in order to accomplish this goal , whatever it may be . $ a charismatic person might contact you today and want your help with something . emotional issues regarding family might have you feeling gloomy . your creative side may have to lie fallow while you attend to mundane issues . basically , you feel pretty optimistic about your life and future . you 're never afraid of hard work , and you 're persevering . go for what you want and make everyone happy , including yourself ! $ the ship is headed out , so you 'd better hop on board , sagittarius . people are not apt to be too sympathetic to your emotional sob story today , so keep it under wraps . whining will get you kicked off the boat altogether . today 's energy is teaching you to toughen up . do not take it personally . realize that there are important lessons we all need to learn . one of them is to know when to be silent . $ you may be a bit oversensitive today , sagittarius . it 's possible that you will be irritable and conflicted as you begin to suspect that long - term projects may not be finished . the time has come to take stock . there is likely a good reason that you 've been unable to complete that project you undertook several months ago . advice from others should steer you in the right direction . $ you 're obviously struggling with something big , sagittarius . recent comments about your irritability are well founded . but do not worry . they 'll forgive you eventually . in the meantime , do what you can to control your temper . it stems from your current fears , which seem to be multiplying exponentially . blame the situation on the planets and accept it as a lesson on the path to self - realization . $ your mood may take a bizarre twist today , sagittarius , as you calm your desire to fight for something . you 're probably more interested in enjoying the beauty of something rather than trying to keep it for yourself . allowing someone or something else to be free is the best gift you can give . keep the lines of communication open and you will find that everything falls into place as it should . $ you might be in a bit of a jam today , sagittarius , when one person or situation do not work well with what you 're thinking , and another do not fit well with what you 're feeling . there 's a clash taking place that may be difficult to reconcile , especially if you remain stubbornly in your position . the more flexible you are , the better off you will be . $ there is some likelihood that thoughts of your love life will haunt you today , sagittarius . perhaps you 're intrigued by the idea of exploring certain realms of your relationship that remain secret , but you 're unsure how to communicate this to your mate . perhaps you 're still testing the waters , waiting until you 're sure of how you feel . in any case , you may decide to proceed ! $ there might be some tension between you and your romantic partner that might have you feeling a bit depressed . the key to patching this up is honest communication . remember that honest do not necessarily mean brutal . confrontations now can only widen the rift . tell your partner how you feel , sagittarius , but do not cast blame for anything . share a little . by day 's end , all should be well . $ feel free to strike out for new territory today , sagittarius , especially when it comes to love and romance . it could be that you 're so scared of losing what you have that you refuse to take risks to obtain something better that you want . realize that you will never get any further than the rut you 're in until you take a deep breath , aim high , and shoot for your dreams . $ connect with the stable , grounding energy of the day , sagittarius , but beware that tension may come in the form of fast talk and misguided information . people might be fickle and frantic . wait for the dust to settle before you pick which road to take . impulsive decisions are apt to lead you down paths that might not be the best choice for you now . try not to think too much ! $ you might find it difficult to deal with people on an emotional level today , sagittarius . others could seem too demanding of your attention and want to keep the focus on themselves . at the same time , you will probably need a bit more attention than usual . try not to be so stubborn ! give people the love they need , and you will find that the love you require will come to you as well . $ make sure you leave things in better condition than you found them , sagittarius . this is a good time to tidy your personal space and the environment . this is also a great time to do some online shopping for yourself . just be careful that you do not spend too much money . when beautiful things catch your eye , it might be hard for you to resist them , regardless of how much they cost . $ this kind of strange day do not come around often , sagittarius . it will seem as though you no longer know what you want . do you have a yen to take off for the other side of the globe ? people will not understand you , and you will think that explaining yourself is pointless . the best thing to do may be to unplug from your usual activities and go for a walk . you have nothing to lose . $ there 's some likelihood you 'll become irritated with someone close to you today , sagittarius . just who do they think they are , anyway ? how insulting to put on such an act , especially considering how long you 've known each other . whatever you fight about , at the heart of it is your frustration and concern that your friendship may end . try not to overreact . express yourself mildly . $ something underhanded is going on , sagittarius . unethical people could be trying to manipulate certain situations in order to turn them to their own benefit . be careful ! steer clear of any political conversations , and refrain from commenting on any situation or listening to gossip . on the positive side , your intuition is sharp , so you should be able to sense the trustworthy . $ if you 've been thinking about a job change or even a new career , a chance interaction could provide the opportunity . however , sagittarius , remember , if something seems too good to be true , it probably is . get the facts as clearly as you can . consider all the ins and outs before committing yourself or getting too excited about it . if you still want to pursue the opportunity , go for it . $ today your progress might slow a bit . problems with computers , telephones , cell phones , or other forms of technology might interrupt your day , sagittarius . this might be frustrating and irritating . even though you do not usually blow your top , today you might be tempted . try to keep your cool . this should pass by tomorrow . you do not want to make others more upset than they already are . $ today is your day to shine in every way , sagittarius . there 's a concentration of energy in your favor , so act boldly and without hesitation . your emotions are leading the way , and your heart is barely a half a step behind . follow these forces like the pied piper . let this be the start of a wild ride on a whole new roller coaster of adventures . the time is right for you to lead . $ now that you have a solid grip on your situation , unexpected things may come along that change the rules again , sagittarius . it may feel like the chair you just got comfortable in has suddenly been pulled out from under you . do not get angry . just realize that this is probably a sign that you need to move on . keep things new and exciting . share your thoughts and ideas with others . $ adjustments may be in order for you to flow easily with the energy of the day , sagittarius . the prevailing tone calls for a more outwardly directed solution to all situations . you will discover that it 's easy to start up new projects today , especially those involving creative or romantic elements . the tricky part will be follow - through . this is your specialty , so do not worry about it . you 've got that part covered . $ people may have an extra spark in their actions and an extra bite in their words today . you will find that you may be better off just walking away from any situation that do not feel right . you 'd be wise to stay in the background and not worry about anything besides your immediate concerns and daily routine . try not to rock the boat . $ this may be a frenzied day for you , sagittarius , but it 's likely to settle down as evening sets in . it will be a tender night in which you should stick close to home and get organized . if you have any task that requires discipline , you 're better off waiting until tonight to do it . things will run much more smoothly then . $ feel free to move forward with your plans , sagittarius . this is a great day to act . you 've done a great deal of data collecting and analyzing lately . now is the time to put that information to good use . you 're helped by an extra boost of inner confidence and emotional strength . your grounded , conservative approach will be richly rewarded . you could not ask for a more productive day ! $ you need bigger and longer hugs than usual today , sagittarius . a powerful force is moving through your life and trying to shake things up . do not stoop to the level of petty argument and verbal sparring . the more you resist the opposition , the more stubborn and unwieldy the situation becomes . make sure you have a good hold on your emotions before you leave the house . $ today 's planetary configuration has you wondering about an aspect of your life that causes you a good deal of hardship , sagittarius . maybe your partner is often away , and this is particularly hard on you . you 'd like your sweetie to be there through thick and thin . this may be causing some tension in your relationship . have you talked to your partner about your feelings ? if not , you really should . $ you have a strong creative component to your personality . you should use it more . today 's planetary positions will influence both your creativity and productivity . you will likely find yourself working as never before , and with better results . take advantage of this phase while it lasts ! this is your moment to prove to others just what you 're capable of . $ sagittarius , you feel secure in the warmth and depth of your emotions . today you will have the opportunity to reenergize and regenerate yourself from the inside out . take advantage of the energies at play to deepen your relationships with the people you love . get to know them even better . your powers of seduction will mesmerize them . $ your emotions may be more in tune with the world around you today , sagittarius . you could even feel a bit psychic . go with your hunches . you will find that rational thinking may not be the best way to handle situations right now . be the sensitive one who feels things before acting . discuss the issues with others and combine your resources for a more powerful alliance . $ your sensitivity is strong today , sagittarius . you will find that your perception of situations is right on target with the truth of the matter . keep in mind that in order to be successful , you will not need to strong - arm anyone into doing what you want . more than likely you will be able to accomplish more just by tuning in to your receptive , gentle nature . $ this is a day for rest and relaxation , sagittarius . take advantage of the calm atmosphere to center yourself and focus on what 's important in your life . you 've been going at full speed , and it 's possible that your family feels somewhat neglected . spend some quality time with loved ones , if possible . they miss you and will welcome your company . other concerns come and go , but family is forever . $ this is a good day for quiet contemplation , sagittarius . you may have worried about finances lately , but there 's no longer any need to concern yourself . all signs indicate that your financial fortunes are about to change . you 've been working hard and should reap some rewards . today 's aspects suggest that you will . enjoy your newfound peace of mind , but do not go out and use the credit cards in celebration ! $ this is a favorable day for you to deal with intimate and sensitive issues , sagittarius . you will be in comfortable situations that allow you to express what you believe . there 's no need to hold back , because people will have a greater understanding of what it is you feel . you combine deep emotions with mental clarity and you 're able to see through to the truth in other people 's words . $ this is a terrific day for you to accomplish a lot , sagittarius . you may feel restricted in your emotions and unable to make certain deep - level connections , but do not worry about it . if the time do not feel right to engage in deep conversation , do not push it . concentrate on the things that you need to get done personally and professionally . $ you love the creative process , sagittarius . even watering your plants or painting a picture will give you a feeling of joy . if this month you get a chance to finish a project that you really care about , you will be satisfied with the results . and you will be surprised to see people react positively . it 's ok to be proud of yourself . $ today is a good day to clarify your life , sagittarius . you may have understood lately that it 's useless to undertake anything new when you 're confused . you 've figured out that all it takes to get out of that state is to take care of yourself , eat better , get more sleep , or take a vacation . your mind will be sufficiently rested today to deal with all the problems that come your way . $ people are more alike than we think , especially on days like today that mean virtually the same thing to everyone . some incredible changes have taken place in the world and its economic and social systems . now is the time to think about what the next few years have in store . do you have any ideas ? try to articulate them . $ there may be tension and opposition today , sagittarius , so be prepared . it could seem like everyone wants to rattle your cage . stand strong . there are forceful opinions crying out to be heard . the more stubborn you are , the harder it will be for important information to flow freely . protect your interests by standing your ground , but make sure you do not step on other people 's toes in the process . $ love and romance are apt to be going quite well for you now , sagittarius . you should find that it 's easier to be yourself in a partnership . let your romantic side shine through . indulge in delicious candlelit dinners and share your deepest fantasies with those you love . if your partner resists this energy now , you may want to consider looking elsewhere for romantic company . $ things might be too elusive to actually grab hold of today , sagittarius . do not be so concerned with capturing something and making it your own . see the beauty around you and hold it in your heart . leave the flower unpicked so others who come after you can enjoy its splendor as well . there 's an airy , uplifting feeling to the day that you should enjoy . $ just when you thought you had everything planned and working smoothly , sagittarius , love comes in and clogs up the works . suddenly your attention is diverted from work as the love of your life catches your eye . this could be a good or bad thing , depending on how you view it . remember that both aspects of your life are important . the key now is to find a healthy balance between the two . $ terrific energy flows your way today , sagittarius . make sure that what you 're dealing with is genuine . there 's a tendency for people to get lost in their fantasy worlds . be aware that what seems practical today could be the opposite tomorrow . your emotions may seem confused , but if you concentrate on releasing instead of judging them , you can sail through the day without any trouble . $ you 're going through a period of major evaluation and assessment of certain life projects . today 's energies bring much of that tension into focus , sagittarius , and put it right in the place where it affects you most - your heart . you may feel the clock ticking more loudly and have a sense that something holds you back . the situation probably looks worse than it is . $ it 's time to get up and get moving , sagittarius . you have tremendous ideas and vision for the future . you have all the information you need . now all you have to do is act . step up to the plate and hit one over the fence . getting out of your box and further into the world at large will do you a great deal of good . get a greater perspective on things and enjoy time in a new environment . $ the mutual exploration of spiritual and intellectual ideas could bring you closer to friends and lovers . fascinating discussions open new horizons to all participants . you may be overcome by the strong feeling of unity . by day 's end , you could experience a strong spiritual longing to study whatever the topic of conversation was . do not hesitate . it can only help you grow . $ you may be going through a confusing period now , sagittarius . today 's energy brings these issues into focus . parts of your life seem to be slapping you in the face , indicating that a drastic life change is coming . resist the urge to play the victim and let other people grab the reins simply because they act more confidently . this is your life and only you know what 's best for you . $ you 're flying high at this point , sagittarius , enjoying the success you 've achieved over the past several weeks . today you could accomplish yet another goal , adding to your feeling of accomplishment . you might plan a vacation or perhaps return to college . the expansion of your horizons has not left you complacent . instead , you want to continue expanding . this is a very positive development . go for it . $ upsets regarding your career or the activities that take up most of your time are likely to negatively affect your self - confidence . do not fall into this trap , sagittarius . the forces are beyond your control and the situation do not reflect any shortcomings on your part . you might have to put in some effort to straighten things out and return to normal . it 's a pain , but you 'd best do it without delay . $ some unsettling news about your work situation might reach you today and make you worried , sagittarius . you might question your future in this field and possibly consider a change . consider it , by all means , but this is not the day to make a final decision of any kind . wait until you 're in a more secure frame of mind . in the meantime , list your different options . this will get you back to reality . $ you might discover a hidden talent for writing , or if you already know this , you may find that your skill is greater than you suspected . you might have to execute some paperwork regarding money , sagittarius , but you will get this done quickly and efficiently . at some point during the day you 're likely to get a little frazzled , but this will pass . get your work done and then relax . $ if you 've been aiming for a specific career goal , sagittarius , it might suddenly manifest with the current planetary energy . you could be catapulted into the public eye in some way . the possibility of an increased income could arise , although it might be speculative at this point . your mental energy continues high , so you should be able to easily grasp all the ins and outs of your situation . $ today you could look in the mirror and be appalled by what you see , activating your insecurity about the way you look . this could send you looking for various treatments . go ahead if you want , sagittarius , but your impressions are clouded right now and you probably look far better than you think . if you get together with a love partner , this person 's reaction should give you the reassurance you need . $ a new sense of closeness to those around you might have you feeling especially happy today , sagittarius . your business and financial life should be going very well , your future seems bright , and now this puts the icing on the cake . your mind may turn to projects that you want to try in the future , and this could increase your enthusiasm . even more ideas could come thick and fast . $ a talent for a new field that you might never have tried before could come to light , sagittarius . this might involve modern technology in some way or writing , drawing , or both . communication with others should be warm , congenial , open , and honest . you can expect to gain a lot of pleasure from relationships of all kinds . expect at least one of your conversations to turn to the fine arts or metaphysics . $ today you might want to put one last burst of effort into a project , as this could make a big difference to your income and status , sagittarius . it could put you before the public in some way . your physical energy is high and mental abilities especially sharp . whatever you choose to work on will be accomplished quickly and skillfully . relations with others will be congenial and supportive . $ pursuing intellectual interests may be on hold today because of career matters . your ambitions , whatever they are , could get a shot in the arm through some new information , possibly from far away . this could be uncovered in a newspaper , book , conversation with a friend , or online . whichever it is , sagittarius , it 's likely to work for you , so make use of it . $ changes in your home could take place now . these are positive , sagittarius , though they might seem a bit overwhelming . some could even be described as upheavals . perhaps someone moves in or out . it could even involve moving to a new place , redecorating , refurbishing , or perhaps adopting a pet . at the very least , expect some emotional changes within yourself . $ question the validity of anything you come in conflict with today , sagittarius . you might find that people act on incomplete information , and that they 're falsely accusing you of something you do not say or do . work to bring harmony to the situation by getting to the truth and helping to make the real motivations known . words may be charged with strong emotions , so be gentle . $ a friend or romantic partner may not be communicating with you the way they should , sagittarius . something is bothering your sweetie , and he or she do not want to discuss it . even if you ask , the answers are likely to be evasive . pushing will not be appreciated . perhaps it 's best to leave your friend alone to work it out . your honey will tell you about it when the time is right . $ do you feel helpless in the face of problems with technology ? if so , you might surprise yourself today , sagittarius . some software that you use a lot could go haywire , and you will not want to take the time to wait for a professional . some study could enable you to come up with the solution on your own . consulting a professional could demonstrate that you 're on the right track . $ passion is very much on your mind , sagittarius . unfortunately , you have a lot to do before you can concentrate on romance . much as you 'd prefer to put paperwork off for another day , you really should buckle down and get it all done . you will be relieved to have it behind you , and you will be free to enjoy the evening pursuing other interests . $ your poise and gracious nature serve you well now , sagittarius . the best thing you can do today is spend time around other people . go to a party or other social gathering tonight . the evening is bound to be a resounding success as you radiate warmth and energy and people respond in kind . allow everyone the pleasure of basking in your glow . $ today you may be touched by a person who exudes the kind of determination produced by a combination of spiritual and intellectual strength and faith . this is what is meant when people speak of a leader of great integrity . the encounter with this person is likely to inspire you to commit yourself wholeheartedly to some good work , perhaps a charity . $ today you may receive some information about how to increase your income in a short period of time , sagittarius . this information may or may not be valid . be cautious . check out the facts before committing , wait a few days , and then check them again . great opportunities abound and should be explored , but what you hear about today might not be one of them . $ whatever you 've been trying to accomplish over the past several months could break loose just the way you want it to today , sagittarius . it could come as a surprise and resemble a logjam that finally gives way . nonetheless , this is your good fortune , and you and those who have been in the trenches with you deserve a few accolades . after it 's all set in stone , go out and celebrate . you 've earned it . $ too many outside responsibilities at once could have you at odds with a current love partner , sagittarius . your beloved may seem to be demanding a choice between your job and the relationship . do not read things into the situation that are not there , and do not be too proud to talk about it . pride really can come before a fall . explain the circumstances in detail and all should be well . $ a very beautiful , romantic dream could inspire exalted artistic activities today , sagittarius . you might want to paint , draw , write , compose music , sew , or cook up a new recipe . whatever you do , you will not do it simply for your own amusement . you will want to show your work to others and seek their opinions and approval . your business acumen could be as active as your artistic side . $ happiness is the mood of the day , sagittarius , as you enjoy the fruits of all your hard work over the past few years . you 're able to pursue a few things that you 've never been able to before . you 're likely surrounded by old and new friends , and romance is blossoming . you probably also look especially attractive now . if all this sounds too good to be true , wake up ! it 's happening ! $ career matters may involve some touchy circumstances that require ingenious methods to solve , sagittarius . you 're in the right frame of mind to come up with them . you 're definitely up for a challenge , and you will probably dig right in and come up with lots of great ideas . these concepts will not only get you through the current situation but also prove useful in the future . go to it . $ various intellectual or humanitarian subjects you 've been reading about have changed your value system , perhaps subtly , sagittarius . you may not notice it until you hear someone mention beliefs like those you used to hold . it might be uncomfortable to realize that such profound changes have occurred in you , but it 's only a natural part of personal growth . everything changes , so why not you ? $ you might need to do some of the less exciting chores involved with creative or artistic projects today , sagittarius . you 're in the right frame of mind to get them done . your efficiency is at a peak . a practical , no - nonsense manner marks all your interactions . by day 's end you should feel more than satisfied with what you 've done . you 're apt to be prepared for the next phase of the project . $ conversations with friends take on a more serious note , sagittarius . spiritual matters and beliefs could come up , as could the more pressing mundane details of life . whatever is discussed today could bring to the surface new ideas for making whatever you 're working on move smoothly and quickly to success . metaphysical ideas seem clearer and more down to earth . treat your friends to a nice meal . $ emotions , impressions , and memories could come up from your subconscious today , sagittarius . this may preoccupy you and keep you from other matters . this is a positive development . pleasant memories bring joy . disturbing ones offer a release from past trauma . write down your thoughts and then distract yourself by doing something you love . the significance of this process should come later . $ computers and other equipment could go haywire today , limiting your abilities to work at maximum efficiency . even though you 're usually calm and laid back , sagittarius , today the ogre in you may be tempted to emerge . do not let it . it will only cause tension between you and those around you . stay calm and focused , call in a technician , and enjoy the break from your routine . $ all the planets are very fortunately aligned for you , and the coming weeks should be great , sagittarius . minor irritations today could make you wonder , though . you might worry that this good fortune will not last . do not work yourself into a panic . this all continues through the next six months . however , you may need to focus sufficient effort if you 'd like to make it last for a long time . $ your neighborhood is likely buzzing with activity today , sagittarius . new neighbors could move in , improvements could be made , and new businesses could open their doors . expect a lot of visitors and calls . a man with a child could play a big role in these events . at some point you might decide to walk down the street and check out what 's happening . what you hear from others may not be accurate . $ you may not have been taking very good care of yourself lately , sagittarius . the planetary aspects are encouraging you to be a little more disciplined in your lifestyle . do not overwork , do not drink too much coffee , and try to eat lighter meals . anything you do for yourself today could have very quick , healthy effects . think about this as you go for a run at lunchtime or go to bed early tonight . $ it 's time to face up to certain things about yourself that you may have denied for some time , sagittarius . you have only yourself to answer to , so relax . you are not the first one to have to deal with old issues that probably are not as shameful as you think . you do not have to be proud of them . you cannot keep hiding them from yourself . this could cause more problems than dealing with them once and for all . $ the period just ahead of you promises a lot of luck and success . the initiatives you will take in your career or personal life will come off without a hitch . you should think about trying some kind of new activity on a professional level . take advantage of all the good luck in the air . do not be afraid to burn the candle at both ends now and live life to the fullest . $ you might be feeling very communicative today , sagittarius . concentration , logical thinking , and a heightened ability to put ideas into words enhance your own communicative abilities . therefore , your gift of getting directly to the point in any matter is likely to clear previously clogged channels , impress others , and increase your self - confidence . $ legal matters should definitely work in your favor today , particularly any involving property . you 're likely to feel positive about life , sagittarius , and your home life should be especially gratifying . sex and romance also could be on your mind . if you can get together with a lover , you will probably grow quite a bit closer . artistic projects , particularly regarding the home , should also go well . $ you may be shaken to the core today by someone of great personal magnetism , sagittarius . maybe you feel as if you 're being overshadowed because of the grandiose ideas and mountains of information coming from this person . perhaps you feel you 're too slow . did you ever think that someone is going too quickly ? do not automatically think that you 're the one who needs to change gears . $ be more aggressive when it comes to your intentions in a romantic situation , sagittarius . it would be a great idea to impress your lover with a delicious home - cooked meal on a night like this . put a bit more passion into the equation and relight the spark that might have recently gone out . do not hesitate to be the instigator in love . $ someone at work may be upset , sagittarius , and not inclined to communicate their feelings to anyone else . this might cast a pall over the atmosphere . you may wonder if this person is upset with you , but chances are it has a lot more to do with the job than you . make use of your ability to concentrate , and do not let this get in your way . it is not worth the trouble . $ your heart may be especially sensitive today , sagittarius . you may feel a bit vulnerable . your romantic nature is particularly strong , so treat yourself to a pampered evening , including a good meal with someone you love . all relationships with women will go smoothly now . you might want to give your mother a call if you have not spoken with her in a while . she would love to hear from you . $ sagittarius , your intuition might increase today to the point where you feel like you could deduce the thoughts and motives of people you 've never met before . reading the news might bring you sudden insights as to how things are going to turn out . you could decide to put this ability to work to advance your financial condition . do this if you can - within reason . your insights are probably correct . $ work that could advance you professionally could take you away from loved ones , sagittarius , and cause some emotional tension . you might feel down because you 'd rather be with your loved ones but feel it 's important to move ahead now . try to make up for it with some quality time . it 's crucial to make the most of the current planetary positions . everyone will be glad when you see results . $ a letter or phone call could bring upsetting news about money , sagittarius . your first reaction may be to blame yourself or someone else , but the circumstances are probably beyond anyone 's control . chances are good that it can be set right . before anyone gets too upset , it 's best to investigate and find out what needs to be done . it may take some effort , but all will be well . $ you usually place a lot of importance on self - control , sagittarius . today this will come in handy when you receive some wonderful news that might otherwise move you to tears . do not carry it too far . under these circumstances , it 's ok to let it out a little . your hard work and dedication are finally paying off . news about possible advancement could come your way . it 's a very eventful day . $ today is fantastic for tuning in to your inner self , sagittarius . you will have a level , grounded mind from which to make conscious evaluations of your emotional state . trust your instincts and make realistic plans for the future . you 're especially disciplined today , and you have a keen sense of what your goals and objectives are . use this grounded energy to get things done . $ a meditation circle or other group activity devoted to spiritual pursuits could be on your agenda today , sagittarius . it 's important that you attend , as you need a little peace and quiet , as well as the support from others in the group . the affection you all feel for one another permeates the evening . bask in it and write down any revelations that come to you . $ a check you 've been expecting to receive by mail will probably be delayed , sagittarius . it 's nothing to worry about . chances are it got hung up at the post office and will arrive soon . do not waste your time worrying needlessly . if you feel it necessary , make contingency plans for getting by . your money is coming . hang in there . $ is it time to take a more drastic approach to a problem , sagittarius ? if you 've made several attempts to resolve your trouble but to no avail , you might consider it . as long as drastic do not mean destructive , you may find success trying something far more forward and insistent . be careful , however . think things through carefully first . run any ideas you have past a trusted friend . $ the energy that you feel today may have you so jittery that others do not know what to do with you , sagittarius . the day 's influences can bring a boost . you 'd be wise to plan things to do to expend it all . get busy with physical chores at work or home . pull things out and organize , move furniture around , whatever it takes . it 's better to be productive than drive everyone crazy . $ you may think about your finances today , sagittarius . it 's never too late to learn about saving and investing , especially if there 's something you really want to do , like travel . preparing for retirement can seem surreal when you 're young , but it 's important to start early . regardless of how your affairs have gone to date , change starts now . write down your goals and meet with your financial adviser . $ you will probably be very busy today , sagittarius , which may suit you just fine . this can work in your favor if you have some work to catch up on . being active and getting things done will be natural for you . in fact , when you have to sit for too long , you probably feel restless or anxious . you fidget and squirm . if you find yourself doing this , go do something more active ! $ do you recognize your intuition as a valuable asset , sagittarius ? some people do and some do not . which group are you in ? it 's easier to trust in concrete , factual reality than in things you cannot see or touch . but your intuition can serve you more than you may realize . that gut feeling you experience can guide you with caution and alert you to danger . put more trust in it and see . $ if long - overdue work has piled up , sagittarius , today is the day to dig in . added strength and mental acuity are in the air , and the projects that you could not get to before will be readily accomplished . make the most of the energy provided by the planetary aspects . do not put anything off . if you procrastinate , the pile will just get bigger . do what needs to be done and you will feel great afterward . $ something has to change . you knew it as soon as you woke up this morning . your mirror provides the impetus for important resolutions today . is it time to begin a diet , commit to exercising more , or strengthen your resolve to quit smoking ? anything you do to improve your appearance will make you feel a lot better about yourself . buy some new clothes or get a haircut . people will notice . $ a lot of unfinished tasks may need doing around the home today , sagittarius . you might decide to ignore some of the work that desperately needs to be handled in favor of a project that you think you will enjoy more . do not stick family members with the boring stuff ! if you pull together to get the worst out of the way , then you can all have fun with the more interesting tasks . $ feel free to be a bit more selfish than usual , sagittarius . you might find yourself turning inside out in order to get your point across . attend to your dreams and ambitions and let your voice be heard by the crowd . do not be surprised if you meet opposition , but do not take this as a sign that you should back down . stand up for your needs ! $ things in the love department may be looking up for you , sagittarius , but beware that you are not getting pushed around . your partner could feel the need for more freedom in the relationship , while you 're hoping to find more commitment . take it one day at a time . do not get ahead of yourself by projecting scenarios that may not come to fruition . you 're only setting yourself up for disappointment . $ if you own your home , the value of your equity may have gone up in the recent past , sagittarius . income through land or property is strongly indicated . this is likely to change your life in a subtle but positive way . this is a great time to buy or sell a home . if you 're in the process of doing it now , this is the perfect time to get some of the paperwork prepared . $ a friend or colleague could introduce you to a way to increase your income by doing what you love most , sagittarius . this may involve the creative arts , healing , or spiritual or metaphysical matters . although this might take weeks or months of preparation to put into effect , it should be worth the effort . check out the facts and think about it . if you still like it , go for it ! $ new and expansive ideas for investing time or funds could make a big difference to your future income . today you feel especially in control of your life . you should have the power to put your plans in motion . all signs look good for new goals and new enterprises . as long as you hang onto your self - confidence , you should be able to make them a reality . go for it ! $ your solid , grounded , and steady approach may be challenged today , sagittarius . someone with a strong ego could punch holes in the plan you 've so carefully laid out . try to stick with the facts and do your best not to let this turn into some sort of popularity contest . be humble and direct . try not to be too emotional or sensitive . $ the different parts of your personality should work harmoniously today , sagittarius . it 's important that there be an equal amount of give and take in your world . if for some reason there 's an imbalance in a certain area of your life , address the issue right away . it 's important that you maintain equilibrium within yourself and with the people around you . $ you might hear some rather bizarre rumors today , sagittarius . someone has misinterpreted a piece of information and blown it into something far different from reality . you will need to check this out for yourself before jumping to any conclusions . do not be afraid to pass on what you learn . it 's better to nip this sort of gossip in the bud by revealing the facts than let it continue to spread . $ you may feel especially sexy and passionate , sagittarius , but minor conflicts between you and the special someone in your life could put distance between you . you can avoid this by being patient and making an effort to communicate . you could be tempted to overspend , probably on items you do not particularly need now and may not even want . take care to curb impulse spending . $ today you may feel out of sorts , sagittarius . you are not sick , just exhausted from the effort you 've been putting in at work lately . this is a sign of stress and an indicator that you need a real day off from chores and personal projects . forget the workload you 'd planned for the day . if you relax , everything you do not finish today can be done tomorrow . take the day off - you need it ! $ a sizable sum of money could come your way today , sagittarius , probably as a surprise . this is a significant day for you . the money will open up new doors , particularly where creativity is concerned , so the situation definitely calls for a celebration . do not gamble or consider any kind frivolous of investment for at least two months . treat yourself ! you deserve it ! $ you should feel especially loving now , sagittarius , especially toward that special someone . you might want to schedule an intimate evening , perhaps at a favorite restaurant . a visit to an art gallery , concert , or play should prove informative and entertaining , and therefore provide fodder for enough conversation to get you through the evening and set the stage for the rest of the night . $ you 're looking better than ever , sagittarius . do not think your mate has not noticed ! even though communication may have been a bit strained lately , all that is forgotten as you delight in each other 's company . you may feel adventurous , so why not plan something a bit different for the day ? take a canoe trip down a local river or go see the new comedian in town . you will have a great time ! $ today you might concentrate on some very close work , sagittarius , perhaps a drawing or painting , sewing , jewelry making , or creating a new recipe . you may take longer to do this than you normally do , probably because there are a lot of details involved . this is good , because you will be happy with what you do . take occasional breaks or you could strain your eyes . $ emotions and memories that have been buried in your psyche could suddenly well up today , sagittarius . at first you might not be able to make sense of this . these memories could seem irrelevant to your present life . still , a little reflection might reveal why you 're recalling them now . release whatever blockages these memories may have been causing . you could find your life changed in a subtle way . $ your partner may return from a journey today , sagittarius , and a deep conversation could follow . your friend will share stories of the trip , which could lead to talk about the relationship 's future . nothing is apt to be decided . the discussion is more likely to focus on generalities than specifics . you will gain a stronger understanding of your partner and how things could shape up . $ all sorts of wonderful changes are in the air at home and at work , sagittarius . on the personal front , someone new is likely to enter your life and change it for the better . at work , perhaps a proposal you submitted has been accepted or you landed a deal you 've been working on for some time . enjoy this auspicious celestial energy ! $ do not trust anyone today , not even people you consider friends , sagittarius . there are indications of deception all around , especially at work . someone may be keeping something from you or even manipulating information to his or her own advantage . be sure to check the facts of any situation . do not take anyone 's word for anything . this is a good day to take your own advice rather than someone else 's . $ sudden personal or professional change could come your way , sagittarius . perhaps you will get a new job opportunity . perhaps you will meet someone who will change your life . this is a day to savor good luck and new beginnings . they show promise of lasting for a while . relax and enjoy your optimism and enthusiasm for the future . $ your intuition should be growing by leaps and bounds . today you may get psychic messages from everywhere , both personal and universal . this can be a bit overwhelming , sagittarius , particularly if you are not used to it , but do not fight it . it 's a symptom of your inner growth . it should be a very positive development in the long run . it can help turn your dearest dreams into reality . $ things may be coming at you from all angles today , sagittarius . sooner or later you will be forced to take action . it may seem like the walls of the room are slowly caving in . the pressure is building and the air is getting stagnant . go out for a run . exercise will help you release some of that pressure you feel . $ stop dwelling on old projects and routines based on situations that have long since expired , sagittarius . note the changes that have occurred around you and adjust your plans . this is a good time to honestly examine your situation . being aggressive in your approach toward improvement and change means letting go of what no longer serves you . move forward with courage instead of hesitation . $ today you might face a choice , sagittarius . you might be thinking in terms of relocating to advance your career , but you could be confused about your options . you might be grappling with several options . input from family members is not likely to help at this time . wait a few days and then think seriously about what you want to do . $ a sudden upsurge in your intuition could have you feeling more in tune to the thoughts , feelings , and desires of others , sagittarius . your communication is going to be clear and open as a result . you 're likely to grow closer to everyone dear to you , especially your romantic partner . do not expect everything you pick up to be positive . others have their issues . let them know you understand . $ go to an art museum , sagittarius . your mind and heart are working in conjunction with each other , and you 're apt to be especially receptive to elements of our world that fuse these two together . make an evening out of the event , and be sure to take a good friend or romantic partner . have a good meal , and do not forget dessert . appreciate the world for all its natural wonder . $ bring more fire and passion to your love life , sagittarius . spark things up by being more adventurous . the bolder you are , the more response you will get . even though you may like to plan ahead and take things slowly , your romantic life is one area where you might do better taking the opposite approach . have confidence and be spontaneous in all matters having to do with love . $ you may have your guard up as you fend off people and situations that have caught you unprepared , sagittarius . be careful about putting up such big walls that you cannot see over them . the danger of building a fortress that do not allow others to come in is that it makes it more difficult for you to look out . leave one wall shorter so you do not cut yourself off from the outside world . $ new career goals may come your way with the current aspect , sagittarius , opening up possibilities you may not have considered . this could be very exciting . it might even work toward the fulfillment of childhood dreams that you abandoned long ago . they may involve the arts , modern technology , or both . the only downside is that you might work too hard and get exhausted . pace yourself . $ it 's time to bring more fire into your life , sagittarius . consider calling up an old flame or friend from the past who stirs the passion within you . inspire your inner yearning for excitement and adventure . eat spicy foods and adorn yourself in bright colors . even the smallest actions will help bring more of this dynamic , activating energy to your life . $ you may feel as if you 're the only one who picks up on the nuances of conversations and actions around you , sagittarius . your reaction to things is more than likely quite strong and will have a much greater impact on you now . use this day to turn things around . it 's time for you to create a stir . be more dynamic and outer directed so you have a chance to release some of that inner energy . $ today 's celestial energy could find you making plans to travel for pleasure or possibly business . a young friend or relative might accompany you . you 're likely to accomplish whatever you hope to on the trip , sagittarius . all signs are for success and good fortune . you might even aim for a new position . this is an excellent period to open up your own business . $ do not doubt yourself today , sagittarius . you should be feeling quite strong , although inadequacy could sneak into the picture . this could be because you 're having trouble understanding issues that are rather cloudy . just because things are not clear do not mean they are not working out in your favor . as long as you remain confident that things will come out fine , they will . $ you may feel blocked on all sides today , sagittarius , with no escape hatch . there 's a strong set of forces acting in such a way as to make you feel responsible for some mess that has occurred in your life . remember that when it comes to partnerships , it takes two to make or break a situation . do not blame everything on yourself . $ the position of the planets could have you doing a lot of soul searching , sagittarius . you 're looking deep within to discern your true goals . you might be pleasantly surprised by what you find . increased communication and deeper understanding enhance your relationships . many of your aims are likely to be spiritual in nature . write them down . $ free your mind and consider alternative options , sagittarius . this is a time to throw away the old to make room for the new . there 's a distinct advance in original and forward thinking today . you should make it a point to go to higher levels of thought now . the more idealistic in your approach to people and situations , the better off you will be . $ get out of gimme mode , in which every new toy or gadget you see calls out your name , sagittarius . if you keep thinking that you need these material things in order to be happy , you will never be truly satisfied no matter how much you have . in this same vein , do not think that you need to buy tangible things for others in order to demonstrate your love for them . $ your biggest dream is in front of you , sagittarius , yet there 's a large object standing in your path . when you peer around one way , the goal is only partly visible . when you peer around the other way , the other side of the dream becomes clear , but you still do not have the complete picture . instead of working with obscured vision , get rid of the thing that 's lying directly in your path . $ today is a good day to take time out for the small , sensual pleasures , sagittarius . perhaps this is a day for dessert , particularly chocolate or cheesecake . do not forget about the pleasures that nature can bring . you may want to spend time in a park or forest or next to a lake , breathing in the fresh air and soaking up the beauty . you may also enjoy indulging in a massage . $ a talent for writing that you have not tapped may surface today , sagittarius . perhaps using a computer , particularly one with voice activation , is making it possible . your imagination is in full swing , and your work may be very entertaining . if you 've been thinking about writing , this is the day to start . it 's also a good day to handle paperwork relating to finances . you should breeze through it . $ today , sagittarius , you might feel caught between the determination to reach a certain goal , probably financial , and a desire to stay home and work on your own projects , take care of your family , or both . you 're clever and resourceful enough to have it both ways . friends who know the ins and outs might be able to help you along these lines . think carefully ! you may be surprised by what you learn . $ today you may find all your recent efforts rewarded , sagittarius . your quick thinking and astute powers of observation have impressed others . today you 're likely to be recognized in some way . do not be surprised if you end up in the spotlight , blushing at the acclaim . this is likely to give your confidence a big boost and cause you to consider other ways to advance your career . $ a deep , intimate conversation could take place today between you and a romantic interest , sagittarius . if this is a casual relationship , it may suddenly become more . if you 're involved but not committed , you could reach an understanding . if you 're already committed , there may even be talk of marriage . the end result of this conversation should be happiness for both of you . celebrate tonight at home . $ your creativity will be high today , sagittarius , inspiring you to paint or write . if you 're unable to take time to satisfy your muse , at least take some small steps to ensure your abilities do not lie fallow . how about signing up for a class or joining a writing group ? the ongoing contact and support will give your talents a big boost . $ you may be frustrated today , sagittarius . an anticipated romantic encounter may be postponed or canceled . there 's no reason to consider it a major setback in the relationship . if you feel doubt and uncertainty , it 's likely for other reasons . you 're agitated and not in a good place to make any sweeping judgments . let your head clear for a few days and then plan the next steps . $ you may need reassurance today , sagittarius . trouble with friends or a romantic partner may have you feeling unloved , insecure , and emotionally blocked . you may see the situation as more serious than others do . perhaps a misunderstanding has caused the dilemma . take the time to reach out to those you 're concerned about and get some reassurance . if you owe an apology , give it freely and move on . $ you woke up feeling happy and enthusiastic , sagittarius . your intuition tells you that you will achieve whatever you set your mind to . whatever your goals - career , education , or personal - you 're bound to succeed . if you do not have a significant other by your side to support your progress , all signs indicate that you will meet someone soon . if you have a mate , lucky you ! $ some news about a major event could unsettle and confuse you , sagittarius . there could be contradictory reports , and commentators may confound the issue even more . you 're primarily concerned about how this will affect you . the answer is probably very little . the media are apt to blow it out of proportion because it 's newsworthy . the truth will come out in a few days . hang in there ! $ are you going out tonight with friends who mean a lot to you , sagittarius ? you might be tempted to eat and drink too much and spend too much money . usually you have a pretty strong stomach , but this is not the day to overindulge in partying . go out for a little while , but then invite your friends to your house for coffee . that way you will feel good about the evening when you wake up tomorrow ! $ difficult situations may arise in which you feel like you 're doomed no matter what you do . finding a working solution seems impossible due to the egos of the people involved . even if everything looks workable on paper , this is no guarantee that things will work out in real life . be honest and practical and make it a point not to choose sides or be biased in any way . $ today is a fantastic day for you . your sensual , caring nature will be appreciated , sagittarius . whether you actively pursue it or sit back and relax , you will receive the love and good fortune you desire . your creativity is also at a peak during this time . you should take advantage of this energy and actively use your talent to create something beautiful and meaningful . $ you 're going to feel extra connected with the people around you today , sagittarius . go out and have a good time with loved ones . you will experience the oneness that comes when people acknowledge that we are all part of a whole . this will resonate loud and clear in your core today and you will be extra sensitive and emotional about anything said to you , positive or negative . $ this is no ordinary day for you , sagittarius , certainly not one in which you should sleep late . get up and get moving . there are opportunities on your doorstep just waiting for you to grab them . put away the issues of the past and focus on the future . there are great forces at work today that are coming together in your favor . stick to what resonates with your soul . $ a sudden burst of inspiration for a creative project might keep you busy in the morning and afternoon , sagittarius . you will need information and materials you do not have at home , and finding them might require a larger expenditure of time , energy , and money than you initially thought . do not give up on the idea . it 's likely to be a good one and you will definitely want to pursue it . $ you 're in the home stretch now , sagittarius ! kiss your worries goodbye . your efforts pay off in spades as people listen to your advice and bend over backward to please you . although certain details in your love life still need ironing out , it 's safe to coast for a while . you 've spent months in this process of self - transformation and you deserve a little rest . $ you may have some trouble communicating today , sagittarius . it 's as though something is distorting your perception . do not be surprised if , once evening comes , you feel like forgetting about all of your responsibilities and traveling to the other end of the world . tomorrow you will see clearly again , but doubtless there are adventures in store for you ! $ work might take up a lot of your time today , sagittarius , perhaps job related , perhaps chores around the house . friends or family may join you , and their conversation could help relieve some of the tedium . getting the tasks done could free up the rest of the day for socializing , perhaps getting together in the evening with a love partner . $ a social event or gathering that involves work could put you in touch with interesting people , sagittarius , including a sexy potential love partner ! someone new on the scene could stir your blood like it has not been stirred in a long time . whether or not you choose to pursue this attraction depends on your situation , but at least you will have some fun today . $ an unexpected expense , perhaps requiring repairs to the house or car , might take a chunk out of your bank account , sagittarius . this may be disheartening . you 've worked hard for your money and now you might have to put some of your plans on hold . still , you need to be philosophical about it . take care of it and move on . you built up your bank account once and you can do it again . $ if you 've had a longstanding interest in film or photography , today is a good day to explore that interest further , sagittarius . you will likely receive an opportunity to learn some of the intricacies of the craft . who knows ? maybe you will decide to go into the business professionally . if this is your true love , you should find a way to incorporate it into your life in whatever way possible . $ take care not to get on a soapbox today , sagittarius . you have strong opinions on everything from religion to politics . you risk offending people if you expound on them . you 'd be better off keeping your views to yourself . in fact , rather than try to change people 's minds with words , why not try and do it with actions ? set the right example . it 's often a more effective form of persuasion . $ confusion might get in the way of anything you hope to accomplish today , sagittarius . you may feel like you 're walking around in a daze , uncertain of your actions . try to stay focused and be your usual practical , objective self . it might not come as easily for you as it usually does , but you can do it . have some coffee and make a list of what needs to be done . sometimes that 's all it takes . $ there 's a romantic , dreamy feeling to today that you should indulge in , sagittarius . if you have a special someone in your life , this is the perfect day to share these feelings ! try to plan a candlelit dinner at home for just the two of you . but do not feel pressured to cook an elaborate meal . pick up some chinese and serve it on the good china . keep the focus on the two of you . $ a love partner may host a social event or meeting of some kind , sagittarius . it might be interesting to get acquainted with friends of your mate you have not yet met . some of them are probably intelligent , interesting people in fascinating professions . one of them could recommend a few books that you will definitely want to read . have fun . do not forget to thank your sweetheart ! $ a phone call could inform you of difficulties at home that require that you deal with them right away , sagittarius . this is nothing to be alarmed about , just one of those irritating little hassles that requires attention when you 'd rather turn in another direction . it could be as innocuous as a broken appliance . take care of it efficiently so you can get back to your activities . stay calm ! $ money matters might seem disastrous today , sagittarius . you may have had a temporary setback , but you 're probably being especially pessimistic and not seeing the whole picture . sit down and try to juggle a few figures . you will probably find that you 're better off than it seemed at first . whatever expenses come up , you will be able to handle them . focus on what needs to be done and do it ! $ this could be your lucky day , sagittarius , especially in matters of the heart . you may feel particularly close to your special someone , as well as others in your immediate circle of friends . this is due in part to the planetary configuration . it shows your intuition and optimism running high . use this to your advantage , especially if you have to sell something . keep your expectations realistic . $ in spite of any feelings to the contrary , sagittarius , you 're bound to be successful . you may be involved in a group project that requires a lot of time and effort . all indications are that it will pay off shortly . continue to work those long hours , even if it means staying up all night . in just a few months , you will catch up on sleep and be rolling in money . $ you may need to jump to many different people and situations today , sagittarius , yet something is holding you back . listen to this inner voice that 's asking you to be conservative at this time . you have many more profound things to say when you filter your thoughts through a large funnel . be open and accepting of many things , but only allow a limited outflow . $ you 're a dedicated soul to spend precious personal time doing household chores , but certain things need to get done . if you still have not done all the laundry or read all the magazines , then tackle these first . completing them will motivate you to move on to the next task . before you know it , you will be sitting pretty in a neat , organized home . sagittarius . $ a friend may offer you a gift today , sagittarius . it could involve money , favors , time , items you need , or something else . be discriminating about what you accept , and make sure you offer to reciprocate . insist , if you must . as generous as your friend may be now , later he or she could feel used or else call in some favors that you are not willing to perform . accept graciously , within limitations . $ you 're likely feeling confident , optimistic , and enthusiastic today , sagittarius . you feel as though anything is possible , and indeed it is . if you feel a bit of wanderlust and are anxious to explore new places and meet new people , you may soon receive the chance . life is one great big adventure . you 're fortunate to have the sort of spirit that embraces it fully . $ you 're about to experience a major change in your life 's direction , sagittarius , and it may occur today . keep your mind open to all sorts of possibilities . you 're likely to receive some important information . of course , you may not realize its importance right away . it 's only with the passage of time that you will look back on this event as pivotal . make sure you do not miss it . $ today you may feel like something is holding you back , sagittarius . everything was going just fine until now . if you believe the stream of chatter in your head today , you will be regressing in every area of your life ! for example , you may be afraid to go any further in your relationship because of your past failures . use this time to lay the past to rest . $ your excellent analytical skills may not be up to par over the next few days . you seem overwhelmed by your emotions . you have a hard time hiding your feelings and processing the information you receive . instead of trying to understand people , you tend to interpret their actions and imagine things that are not true . be careful of your judgment at the moment . it 's way off base ! $ you 're feeling especially loving and passionate , sagittarius , and likely to want to pursue a romantic encounter with the special person in your life . money matters look positive , as your intuition regarding money management has been working well and is likely to continue . your psychic and intuitive faculties are wide open and receptive . do not be surprised by what you pick up today , even from strangers . $ today you may be in a very stressful atmosphere . your entourage is likely to be tense and anxious , and you 're no exception . you may need to stay in the environment until you 've accomplished your objectives . you will probably want to spend your evening at home in front of the tv , doing and thinking absolutely nothing . relax ! $ minor tensions will arise today , sagittarius . someone close to you , perhaps your partner or a parental figure - seems to be trying to convince you to adopt a certain behavior you are not willing to follow . will you negotiate gently or forcefully ? the second seems more likely . knowing that , do your best to control it . $ about two weeks ago , it may have occurred to you that you should be making more of an effort to advance your career , sagittarius . if so , it will be easier for you to accept today 's constraints , as there is some probability that you will need to perform at your highest level . be careful not to lose yourself in the attempt ! $ you may feel that certain values in your profession will not let you undertake certain activities . but are you sure about this , or have you tried to convince yourself of it so you will not have to confront the part of you that yearns to explore ? perhaps you should try to be braver than you 've been . it would be worth it . $ you may feel physical and emotional tension today , sagittarius . are you taking the time to care for your body ? has someone been putting a lot of pressure on you lately ? are you an emotionally satisfied person ? the way you feel physically is a good indicator of your mental state . try to go a little easier on yourself and you will see immediate benefits . $ today is a day for healing and reconciliation . you may have been feeling abused and mistreated lately by someone ( or a few people ) in your family over the past few weeks . you 're now ready for a new start , because you were able to work things out and you 've learned something from what happened . take the time to savor the moment , and spend some time with the people you love . $ recent activities have suddenly made you bored with your job and the people you deal with . you may feel restless and contemplate changes to your professional life , sagittarius . this could be appropriate now , but it might not . it 's best to look at your options logically and practically . do not be afraid to ask family and friends for their opinions . $ your inner power and awareness should be acute today , sagittarius . some intense dreams and revelations could come from deep within , allowing you to release old traumas and phobias , and enabling you to move ahead with more confidence . physical energy is high , though you may feel you need more sleep than usual . your intuition is also sharp , enabling you to be more in touch with others . use it ! $ a surge of inner power and intuition could have you thinking about embracing an unusual profession . your desire for independence is strong now , sagittarius , so you might be thinking about working on your own , perhaps in an artistic field or a service profession . you have the power to do wonders today . be practical and move forward with caution , but follow your heart ! $ you 're in a difficult position . things are not exactly what they seem , sagittarius . your emotions run the show today , and you may jump from one extreme to the other . there 's a good chance that much of what you experience is based on misinformation . do not get so caught up in the drama that you fail to recognize the truth of the situation . $ success will come to you when you work with the energies at hand . go with the flow of the situation instead of trying to undermine or manipulate it . there 's a tremendous force at work . perhaps all it needs is a bit of direction to align it with your goals . state your intentions openly instead of working behind the scenes . you will receive support from others when you do . $ you will most likely be hungry for attention today , sagittarius . you will look at others who are on center stage and adjust your appearance or attitude in order to be more like them . be careful of getting obsessed with attention . the key is to be yourself and happy , regardless of who 's watching . a flower unseen blooms just as beautifully and smells just as sweet . $ today you might feel a little depressed and apathetic , like you do not care what happens right now . you might try to get your mind off those feelings by spending money . this works , sagittarius , but do not spend any more than you have to . these feelings really have more to do with the past than the present . if old pain wells up , let it go . tomorrow all will seem a lot better ! $ do you feel that your power has increased , sagittarius ? you may not know what to do with this newfound strength . try looking at how you relate to your friends . could you improve your relationships ? using power is something that one learns over time . if you let it stagnate , it will create some stubborn obstacles . use it or lose it applies in this instance . $ here is a day that may make you think you are not exactly in the right place in your profession , sagittarius . could it be that your current position is too traditional ? you 're someone who wants to expand on all the ideas that you have at any given moment . it would seem that your superiors are not evolving in the same way . if this is the case , take the necessary action . $ have you been wondering if you 're in the right profession ? disillusionment with your field could have you feeling mildly ill from stress and considering a total career change . perhaps this is the right course of action to take , but perhaps not . look into the options available and see how you feel about them , sagittarius , but wait a few days before making any final decisions . $ what good does it do you to resist change , sagittarius ? everyone knows that you have trouble adapting to change in the world around you . unfortunately , that 's life and you cannot do much about it . however , you are not powerless . you will find that life is more stable when you can surf the waves of change . embrace change and make it work for you rather than resist it all the time . $ you 're being called upon to make a commitment or promise , most likely relating to your love life . will you take that decisive step ? that 's the question today . over the next few days you will doubtless have to prove what you 're made of . the challenge most likely emanates from your romantic relationships . there is no running away this time , sagittarius . it 's time to take a stand . $ last month you may have been somewhat more extroverted and sociable than usual , especially regarding your emotional relationships . but beginning today , your attitude will undergo a change , sagittarius . you will probably be calmer and more reasonable . your thoughts may begin to focus more on the future than the present . you have about a month to firm up your plans . $ a setback in your career might have you feeling disoriented , sagittarius . equipment might be involved . do not go crazy . it 's only temporary . your determination , efficiency , and practicality should take care of it in no time . basically , you 're probably feeling optimistic about the future and unlikely to change that energy any time soon . try not to worry about problems today . spend time relaxing and enjoying the company of friends and family . $ information gleaned from friends could have you focusing on a new goal , sagittarius . you may have a lot of ideas about projects you want to take care of , and today you might realize which one has top priority . start moving ! whatever you choose to do , find out what you need before you start . there 's a chance that you might waste time running around trying to find necessary materials . $ you 're at an emotionally climactic point now , sagittarius , and you might find that harsh opposition is coming at you for no clear reason . there 's a stubborn , strong force surrounding you , and you should be aware that the more rigid your viewpoint , the harder it will be for any resolution . compromise is an essential element of the day . $ for a few months now , you 've felt that things are accelerating in your professional life , sagittarius . perhaps some projects have developed more quickly than you anticipated . they may have even gotten a bit out of control . today you should let yourself distinguish more clearly what you 've done so far . you may be in for a surprise . $ there 's a tremendously sensitive side to your personality that 's tender and extremely vulnerable , sagittarius . be careful about putting too much of yourself out there now . by opening yourself up so much , you 're inviting in trouble . others might not be that aware of how sensitive you are . those with strong , boisterous spirits are likely to be abrasive , so protect your emotions . $ be careful that you do not put your foot in your mouth today , sagittarius . you may have a tendency to jump the gun , so be conscious of how you use your energy . a false start is likely to get you disqualified . orient yourself to your surroundings before you make any major upheaval . it 's important to have a good , solid footing on the day before you proceed . $ have you noticed a certain strain on your emotions , sagittarius ? you 're resilient , but even you have found all the recent intensity a bit too much . you can relax now . the next few weeks promise to be calmer . sunnier skies will gradually return . your efforts will concentrate on your love life . you know you need security and stability . if you work steadily , you will attain those goals ! $ you may feel a strange tension . it seems that nothing you say or do is quite right , sagittarius . as much as you may try to do the correct thing , you cannot make things click the way you 'd like . try not to raise your expectations too high . let go of the idea that things are going to work out exactly the way you want . you may not even know what 's best for you in the end . $ expect a boost to your communication skills today , sagittarius . if you often experience difficulty expressing your true feelings , this will be a welcome change for you . consider talking things over with anyone you have unresolved issues with . with added strength and confidence , you should be able to work the problems out quickly and relatively painlessly . $ be open and communicative about your feelings today , sagittarius . most people find it easy to share facts or concrete information . the challenge is to share something from your heart . do not think that feelings always need to be kept secret . just the opposite is true . make sure you leave the channels open for emotional expression . $ you may have some trouble communicating today , sagittarius . it 's as though something is distorting your perception . do not be surprised if once evening comes you feel like forgetting about everything and traveling to the other side of the world . tomorrow you will see clearly again . without a doubt , there are adventures in store for you ! $ this should be a pretty good day , sagittarius . you will find a greater than usual sensitivity to your needs . one thing to be aware of is fast talkers who might make elaborate promises that they have no intention of keeping . slow and steady wins the race , and you 're the master of this technique . your patience and sensitivity are invaluable on a day like this . $ you feel great and full of charisma and magic , due to the current planetary alignment , which brings a special blend of romance in your life . if you are talking to someone for the first time , then you can expect to hit it off right away . you will feel relaxed and able to talk from your heart about anything , which is a blessing that should not be taken lightly . $ the current aspect at play may encourage you to be more gullible than usual . if you have someone special in your life , then you may tend to put them on a pedestal and worship them as though they are an immortal being . this may be ok for a while , but eventually you will begin to see that they are very human - be realistic ! $ the current astral alignment may be the answer to making one of your dreams come true regarding a certain person whom you have admired for some time . you will feel less like being obscure and enigmatic in your dealings with them , and much more like openly expressing how much you care . this is a major decision for you , as you are frightened of being so vulnerable . $ you may find the pace a little too demanding in terms of your love life , especially with the current celestial energy . if you had been hoping for a quiet evening in with that special someone , then you could be in for quite a surprise . they certainly have other ideas , which could mean a very demanding schedule . if you cannot cope , you 'll need a very good excuse . $ the current aspect means you have quite an interesting day ahead of you , that is , if you like the feeling of being exposed to a live current . if it s possible to go out on a first date , then you may find the chemistry between you almost irresistible . this could create a dilemma , as you really do not like to rush anything , least of all intimacy . $ you feel very soothed by the current celestial energy , the influence of which is encouraging you to calm down after a recent problem with your loved one . it may even be a good idea to invite them around for a meal , so that you can talk over in a calm and relaxed atmosphere . after this you will probably get on better than ever . so , take that first step ! $ today 's celestial energy could indicate that you take one remark far too personally , when it was not meant to be a criticism in any way whatsoever . your latest lover has not realized quite how sensitive you really are , and presumed you would find it funny . in order for this relationship to work , you are going to have to educate them about what is acceptable and what is not . $ you have absolutely no reason to withdraw and hide , other than you fear the worst when it comes to an important relationship . the current planetary configuration is encouraging in that it implies that if you are prepared to face up to the thing that is giving you such problems , you will discover that a lot of it was in your imagination . be bold ! $ you may do a great deal of thinking about a certain relationship , especially with a today 's planetary energy . the trick is to try and connect your mind with your heart , and not focus on one to the exclusion of the other . then what you really feel deep in your heart will be more easily translatable into words . if you can express your deeper emotions , you can resolve many things . $ you will certainly feel in your element today , with the current astral energy . if going out on a first date is possible , then it will be a truly romantic occasion , and will be remembered for a long time to come . the conversation may not be particularly sparkling , but there is a flow of feeling between you that makes every word , no matter how trivial , seem full of promise . $ sometimes we do need to take ourselves and our relationships seriously . the current aspect at play encourages you to do just this today . although no one could accuse you of fooling around , in the past you have not shown the person in your life how committed you are , either . perhaps it would be worth letting them know that you plan to stick around for some time . $ if you are holding a party , you could have a surprise , with today 's planetary energies . firstly , someone whom you thought was quite close may show their true colors , while someone else whom you had not really paid much attention to may suddenly rise very high in your estimations . it is this second person who may prove to be a wonderful gift and a breath of fresh air . $ today 's aspect at play could be quite fascinating and even a little nerve - racking as well . you may find that a relationship suddenly moves very quickly from being just a potential happening to an actual event . you have tended to secretly admire this person very much , and now find the promise of intimacy almost too much to cope with . the best policy is to be totally and utterly yourself . $ you are likely to be feeling quite intense today , so if you are able to go out on a date , especially a first date , you may be wise to watch that you do not get too carried away . the current planetary alignment indicates that the two of you could either get on extremely well , or find that , despite an initial attraction , there are irreconcilable differences in your opinions . remain open and aware . $ the current aspect at play could inject a touch of humor into a potentially passionate and intense situation . you could find that there is so much chemistry between you and your latest love interest that you have to find a way to diffuse the situation before you both explode . a little hilarity will certainly do the trick and make you feel much more relaxed and comfortable . enjoy yourselves ! ! $ if you are just getting to know someone , then you may find that it will not be as passion filled as you had expected , at least for the moment . the current aspect indicates that you will tend to talk - but it could be through your conversation that your appreciation of each other develops by leaps and bounds . you are exploring some intriguingly taboo subjects through words alone . $ if you have spent a lot of time with your love interest recently doing all kinds of things together , then the current astral energy could indicate that it may be helpful to both of you to spend some time alone . you can recharge your batteries and reconnect to your own deeper needs and feelings . then when you meet again you will feel refreshed and revitalized . $ if you have had the distinct feeling recently that your love life is not going anywhere , then you may be forced to think again , especially with today 's astral energy . maybe an old or existing partnership goes through a transformation , and the passion between you is rekindled . or you meet someone completely new who manages to blow your socks off . either would be most welcome at this present time . $ the current celestial energy could do wonders for your love life if you are not in too much of hurry . there is a natural warmth around right now , which helps people to open up to each other and encourages positive communication all round . if you are looking for that special person , just focus on what you have to give , rather than what you can get . this works wonders . $ rome was not built in a day , and neither is a relationship , they take , effort and a strong sense of commitment . the current planetary alignment indicates that if your thoughts have been straying away from your current partner and dwelling on someone else , you may need to reflect on why this is happening . the answer lies in facing what you are really feeling and then talking about it . be fearless ! $ today 's astral alignment means a chance to indulge in some of your most exciting and escapist fantasies . if you have someone that you can share them with , use this opportunity to get out and have a ball . if you are looking for love , then do what you always do - try doing completely different and sampling a new atmosphere . you 'll be glad you did . $ the current planetary energy indicates that in terms of your love life , you may need to get serious for once . you tend to spend a lot of time joking around and taking things as one grand adventure . but at the same time , you would benefit from giving a loved one more of a sense of security . they are not sure if you really mean what you say . $ you may think you have encountered your soul mate today , under the influence of today 's interplay of astral energies . if you are able to be out at a small party or other social occasion , you could feel that it is a question of love at first sight , as they have that kind of an effect upon you . you will be subject to powerful emotions - but do not allow yourself to get too carried away . $ you may find that one conversation in particular leads to a romantic liaison that is very promising . the astral energy may bring about the chance to talk in more depth with someone whom you sense you would really get on with very well . it may be rather unusual in its subject matter , but you will realize that you are on the same wavelength . $ if there is one piece of advice that you really need to pay attention to right now , it is , do not promise more than you can deliver . the current astral environment may encourage you to go completely over the top in your bid to attract the attention of a certain person . in fact , you only have to be yourself - which is far more satisfactory . $ the current planetary alignment may encourage you to be more argumentative than usual . you are in the frame of mind to poke holes in any suggestion that your love interest may put forward . while it may give you a temporary feeling of power , it may also make them wonder why they are putting up with this nonsense when they could be living a quiet life . do not tempt fate . $ if you are getting to know someone better this evening , then you may hold a false image about what this person will be like . the astral configuration implies that you have built up your hopes , and feel they could be perfect . however , you will need to get to know them for quite some time before you can judge whether they are really right for you or not . $ today 's aspect at play brings with it a chance to do something different with the one you love . in fact , if you have not had a holiday together for some time , then this could be a great opportunity to go on a short break to a place that is utterly charming and romantic , if possible . you dream of having the opportunity of doing something adventurous together , that you ll remember for a long time afterwards . $ the current celestial energy means that the person of your dreams could very well make an appearance somewhere where and when you least expect them to . you will both realize that you are kindred spirits , and that you share a passion for loving and for living - and together you will do plenty of this . let the adventure begin ! $ if you want to make an impact on your partner ( current or prospective ) and loved one today , then do not pursue the same line of argument that you have done for the past number of weeks . the current celestial energy urges you to find a different way of approaching the whole subject in order to have any real effect . but do not worry ; the answer will arrive out of the blue - thankfully . $ there is a lot of good humor around with today 's astral energy . but if you want to truly impress someone , then do not overdo it , as you may put them off , rather than turn them on . it is difficult for you not to attempt to raise a smile wherever you are , but there is a time and a place for everything . with this person , it is best to be subtler . $ romance may strike while you are trying something new this evening . the planetary energy may indicate that a certain person with a wonderful sense of humor may come waltzing into your life while you are deciding just how many canapes you can safely consume without appearing greedy . they may have some culinary knowledge - or not - but they will certainly find you tasty . $ if you are thinking of writing a love note to your dearest heart , then it would be better to try and make it as simple and straight to the point as possible . the aspect at play may indicate that anything too fancy or any attempt at being amusing may be taken the wrong way , and this could create a false barrier between you . be as unambiguous and open as possible . $ you may communicate with someone for whom you feel a mild attraction , and this could go either way today , with the current planetary alignment . you could develop a firm friendship and be content to keep it like this , or you may both feel like taking the relationship further . it all depends on you , and whether you feel there is enough potential to make a deeper commitment worthwhile . $ today 's alignment of the planets could mean that you are not sure what the situation is if you re able to go out on a date this evening . you will have a wonderful time that may very well include all the romantic trimmings , but by the end of your experience together you may not be able to decide whether the whole thing is heading toward a becoming a real relationship , or a very sweet friendship . $ the current astral energy smooths the way as far as your love life is concerned . if you have recently been through an embarrassing incident - something that sometimes happens between brand new lovers - that is making your hair curl to think about , then the influences around today should ease any troubled memories , and soon you will have forgotten all about it . do not allow a small incident ruin a potentially wonderful relationship . $ today 's celestial configuration may encourage you to be even more obscure than usual . it is not that you mean to be so enigmatic , or to hide the truth from your dearest heart , but more that you like to play with any number of possibilities at one time . saying what you mean or meaning what you say tends to narrow your range quite dramatically . $ the current aspect at play may mean you find it difficult to feel settled and to make a decision concerning a certain relationship in which you have been involved . perhaps you need more freedom , and yet you also like that feeling of having someone to turn to in times of trouble . right now , it may be better to put it all to one side and give yourself a break . $ today 's astral configuration may mean that you are almost literally swept off your feet at a party or other social occasion . the power of attraction is very strong , and you may find it hard to resist . you generally prefer a more subtle approach to being romanced and may find the attitude of the other person a little too overbearing - but complimentary , nevertheless . you can still have fun ! $ rather than state your case , you may be tempted to avoid conflict by hiding behind a barrier of indifference . the astral energy indicates that although this may feel like the less controversial option , it could actually be making matters worse , as the tension will inevitably continue to build . you do not need to make a big show - you just need to speak honestly and truthfully from the heart . $ people with very dissimilar natures often find each other very attractive , and this may be the case with today 's alignment of the planets . if you are able to attend a party or other social occasion , you may meet someone with whom you feel an instant rapport . there is something about the pair of you that is both very different and yet also very much the same . have fun ! $ there are times for endings , and times for beginnings . today one particular ending may be the catalyst for a new beginning . it could be a rather intense encounter , which although platonic to start with , may become very involved . it seems that this could be a new development with real bonding power . you may feel as though you have always known each other , though you have only just met . $ just when you thought it was safe to finally let yourself relax within a certain relationship , you wake up today and find that a certain indefinable something has shifted . a new mood or tone has set in , and you are not quite sure what this spells . is it trouble - or better times ahead ? the best way to work through the day is not to jump to any premature conclusions . $ with today 's planetary energy at play , do not be surprised if you fall in love all over again with your dearest one . if you are looking for that special person to enter your life , you may meet them where wine and poetry freely flow . just do not get too spellbound too quickly . enjoy the energy between you but remember to proceed with caution . $ sometimes water can be calm , and at other times the waves are perilously high . there is something of this phenomenon in the air today , as romantically you may think you are delicately dipping your toe in the water , only to discover that you have sunk way beyond your depth . the emotions are too powerful even for one so used to the aquatic life . perhaps throw a stone in first . $ you do not want to end up in one of your darker moods as the day progresses . why do not you first of all get some realistic perspective on what is actually happening ? it is not as if anything much has gone wrong , but more that your fears have taken you into areas that are not entirely the truth . you really need to start looking at some positives rather than the negatives . $ this could be a day when you feel just how sensitive you are . you could be tempted to draw your protective shell around you , and hole up in your den of cynicism , refusing to come out for anybody . however , you cannot stay like that forever . somewhere along the line you have to make a move . if you can just risk coming out in the open , things may resolve far more quickly . $ there is a strong feeling of being pulled around today by some very powerful emotions . you may be forced to cling to the rocks in order to stay grounded . these feelings could place you in a difficult situation . passion is probably at the heart of it , and it could be that your heart is being torn in two by contrasting and conflicting situations , both of which are meaningful . $ sometimes you just have to speak up for what you need and believe in . it is no good hoping that everyone is going to be psychic , able to see into the heart of your deepest being . your most romantic ideals and inclinations need to be aired . do not sit there waiting in vain . you have to take action . otherwise you will end up floundering in a sea of frustration . $ how can you expect to ever settle down , when so much seems to be coming to a boil all around you at the moment . just as think you deserve a little rest , you find that something makes you seize up in a fit of anxiety . romance at the moment is very passionate and intense ; in fact , it could even involve a touch of obsession . just take it easy if you can . $ your hard outer shell is often a protective measure against hurt feelings . it is also , at times , a barrier to growth and more opportunity . the astral energy at play indicates that it may help if you could disperse any hard feelings today by daring to expose your more sensitive side . you may be afraid of being hurt , but if you do not take a risk , how will they ever know ? $ you have now spent a lot of time in the throes of your relationship problem . now that you understand it , you can begin the process of moving on to the next stage . today this will be quite positive and should consider how you feel about your future , your priorities , and your values . move forward with the determination to be the wisest and most fulfilled you can be . $ you like to ease into romantic engagements , and gradually feel your way toward being emotionally close , rather like gradually getting used to the water . but with today 's planetary energy there is no hanging back . a new relationship may just appear , you will be smitten , and there is nowhere you can hide . if you are already attached , then your loved one may truly surprise you . $ drinking exotic cocktails on a moonlit beach with the sound of spanish guitar music in the background may sound ideal , but it could not last forever . life intrudes and business has to be attended to . however , you can make the right kind of magic anywhere . all you need to do is create the right atmosphere . your sweetie will have no option but to swoon at your feet . $ you do not like to try and persuade people to do things against their real wishes , preferring to live and let live . however , with today 's aspect at play , you seem to have a bee in your bonnet concerning your loved one . something about them is bothering you and making you to want to change them . talk to them tactfully and compassionately , as this is more likely to be the best path . $ today 's celestial configuration means that you will feel even more deeply passionate than normal . the tides of a more spiritual current are sweeping you up into a romantic frenzy that is based more on fantasy than on actual fact . make sure you have your feet on the ground before you step into the sea . the perfect being in front of you may have feet of clay . $ today in the romance and love department , you will probably find that you are not so much relating on the purely physical level , but more on a spiritual and intellectual level . this brings up all kinds of ideas and discussions that bring you closer together , and bond you in ways that are very deep . the planetary energy helps create a very special and unforgettable occasion . $ the heavenly energy today do not represent anything like your normal style of getting to know others . it is far too fast and unconventional . however , it may be through a disagreement with someone new or even with your loved one that you suddenly see a unique facet of their personality that draws you like a moth to a flame . words have a power today to take you to an electric level in your relationship . $ it is within an educational or spiritual environment that romance takes an interesting turn , especially with today 's celestial energy at play . there is a wonderful opportunity to really get to know someone who is very special , and whom you have had your eye on for some time . this not only confirms your hopes , but possibly pins a date on the calendar . make hay whilst the sun shines ! $ the energy from today 's planetary alignment should make you feel glad to be alive . however , it does bring with it the kind of conversation and discussion that is frank and extremely honest . many people appreciate this , as it is not often you get to hear the truth . but as you are sensitive , you may prefer discussions today to be peppered with a few half - truths . $ it is whilst working or moving around carrying out your daily routines , that you encounter the magic force of the day 's planetary aspect . if you are a little afraid of passion with a capital p , then perhaps it is best to run whilst you have the chance . once you are enmeshed in the situation , it will be too late , and you probably will not want to leave . $ this is a great day to socialize and be with those friends who are the mainstays of your life , if possible . if you have been suffering a little from the stresses and strains of life , then this is the time to relax in their company and just be grateful to share such good companionship . it is also a good time to make friends , as they will probably end up becoming very important to you . $ today 's planetary configuration may bring up some old fears from the past that seem to haunt your current relationship . there may not be any tangible reason why you feel as you do , but you will need to be wary of projecting past worries onto a current dilemma that may not have any link . it would not be a good idea to make any big decisions right now . $ relationships may seem to be on hold with today 's astral climate , making you feel as though you have somehow been cut off from the one closest to you . the problem is most likely due to an attitude or stiff mind - set , which needs talking through to help it clear . you need to see where you are not being true to yourself and do what it takes to remedy this . $ the day 's planetary configuration brings with it a heady taste of freedom . you need to get out and just have fun and experience that element of excitement . if you are looking for a new romantic involvement , then try somewhere that combines adventure and that touch of danger , like rock climbing or racing . this is where you may meet the person of your dreams . $ you can expect an enjoyable day with the planetary energy at play . it is wonderful for spending time giving your loved one that extra personal touch . if you are handy with essential oils , then a massage would certainly bring heaven to earth for a while . people want to be pampered and cared for ; they want to be made feeling special and adored . work on this and you will be well rewarded ! $ you will perhaps find today a little dry for your taste . the celestial energy means that you have every chance of spending the day in deep conversation , rather than enjoying the finer and subtler qualities of feeling and the delicacies of love . the most you can hope for is to try and persuade your loved one to watch a romantic movie on the grounds that you can review it - second hand is better than nothing at all . $ you may end up feeling a little threatened today by the rather irritable energy , which comes from the current planetary configuration . if you or your partner gets off on the wrong track , then you could retreat into that hard - baked shell . it may be a good idea to do some exercise or go for a jog before the day begin to get rid of excess tension . $ you do need to come out of your shell today and try and do something constructive about your situation . hiding away will not make anything better . the current celestial configuration brings a golden opportunity to speak your mind if you can bear to be open and honest . do not try and coerce your partner with feelings of guilt , or overpower them , as you both need to be able to speak from the heart . $ today 's planetary configuration brings a lot of good ideas into the sphere of your relationship . you may have some wonderful plans to reform it , and yourselves . you would , however , prefer to see it transformed according to your personal expectations , with an outcome that matches your very specific agenda . to get the best , you need to the relationship to flow naturally . if you hang onto anything , you 'll lose it . $ there is the possibility of a lot of warmth and good feeling around today . you could experience joy and exuberance in your close relationships . it is also a great time for small parties and any kind of travel , if possible . do not try to use all your energy at once and get exhausted . it would benefit both of you to try and pace the day ; otherwise , you 'll be tired before it has begun . $ there is an awkward feeling in the air today concerning close relationships . you want to shut off and stay alone to brood and think things through . the planetary aspect may be bringing out certain flaws in your partnership , but you do not have to accept this . there is much you can do to change how you feel . all it takes is a little courage to talk from your heart . $ it is a great idea to entertain at home today and invite around a few friends with whom you feel really comfortable , if possible . there is the chance of getting closer to someone you have known from the past in quite a positive way . the day 's planetary configuration indicates that you will need to be quite firm about your intentions . in this instance false modesty does no favors . $ could this pass like a ship in the night , or is it the real thing ? the day 's planetary configuration indicates that it is a good idea to look carefully at any offers before making major decisions . it could turn out to be anything from the romance of the century to simply a wonderful friendship . do not end up being disappointed - take some time to get really acquainted . $ this is a warm and comforting day , when being close to your lover brings you a deep feeling of security . the current celestial aspect gives you a chance to relax . as there is very little conflict between you , you are both happy to listen to what the other has to say about the relationship , about life , about everything . just enjoy that tender feeling of togetherness . $ your colleague may surprise you today , just where you never expected romance could possibly happen . the current celestial aspect indicates that you have quite an intense attraction to contend with . if you feel the same way , this will work out wonderfully , and you can both ride off into the sunset . if not , you may have quite a problem getting your adoring admirer to keep away . $ love may catch up with you today while you are visiting a friend or relation in the hospital . you may have gone there to cheer someone up but come out feeling mightily cheered yourself . you may encounter someone you have met before , perhaps an old school chum , and somehow the past is relevant . you both seem to form an instant rapport , and the future suddenly seems very much brighter . $ you normally enjoy a feeling of closeness and familiarity with friends and partners , but today you may feel like getting away from everyone and having some time and space to yourself . this could actually be very important , as it will recharge your batteries and give you a chance to transform your outlook and attitude on a few things . go for it . $ you have carte blanche to do whatever you like , with one provision : you must tell the person close to you the truth about an issue that you are feeling a little guilty about . talking it through at home in a private and comfortable atmosphere will heal the situation . then you can go forth and enjoy the day . $ you may feel an intense attraction today toward someone whom you may only have noticed in passing until now . you feel very drawn in ways that are inexplicable , as you do not really know this person that well . yet on another level you do know them extremely well , and it is this feeling that is pulling you like a magnet , ever closer . $ this could be a perfect day for all kinds of relationships . the day 's planetary constellation puts most people in an optimistic frame of mind and ensures that good company surrounds you . however , you do not want to be sitting around drinking coffee all afternoon . take your loved one out and have a real heart - to - heart talk about what the future holds for you both . $ this is a day of imagery , fantasy , poetry , and soft color . you have a chance to use the power of atmosphere and the magic of the right phrase to get you where you want to go . you have an opportunity to create a lovely impression - so light a few musky candles , have plenty of flowers , some good music , and say it in a way they cannot resist . $ days like today can make you feel a little jumpy . the day 's planetary configuration could take you and your loved one to emotional extremes . you may both be arguing and then swearing that you 'll be by each other 's sides forever . on a romantic sliding scale of one to ten , this day gets a nine , as ultimately you will realize just how much you mean to each other . $ it may be easier to stay silent today than to make a fool of yourself and say something that not only sounds too good to be true , but also very unlikely . however , your lover , being somewhat fearful of the whole issue , needs to hear you talk about a subject dear to your heart . perhaps you can come to an agreement and just start the conversation . this will create progress . $ there is a wonderful sense of harmony today in relationships . you have a great chance of discovering that you and someone very attractive share many interests . if you are looking for that special person in your life , find out more about a place where services to the community are done . a hospital , child daycare center , nursing home - these are places associated with your next potential love . $ you absorb the energies of those around you and reflect them back like some kind of radiant mirror . today conversation has a suggestion of spice about it , and you have some interesting information to divulge . if you are looking for that special person , you can impress with your charm and witty line of chat . you will prove too tantalizing to pass by . $ today may hold special significance for you , especially as you have such a nostalgic feeling about people from your past . someone you once knew may come back into your life like a bolt from the blue , bringing back associated memories . whatever may have happened back then , it could create a few ripples as you attempt to come to terms with certain issues now . $ there is playfulness in the air today . the day 's planetary alignment indicates that you may both feel like getting out and just having fun . this may include any kind of activity that s possible now . it is not a time to stay in and whisper sweet nothings into each other 's ears . do something exciting together ; it may bring you that much closer . $ as you usually love to cook , you will be surprised at what you find on the menu . today the romantic beginning that looked so promising seems to be turning into a race to see who can be the more learned of the two of you . season your stories with some interesting anecdotes and you 'll have a palatable enough dish for two . $ if you have recently fallen into a wonderful relationship , only to find that you have fallen out just as quickly , take heart . you may be temporarily estranged , but this will not last . one of you has to make the first move ; but even if this means a really expensive meal or luxurious gift , it is well worth every effort . $ the sense of passion and intrigue in the air today is more than you have experienced for some time . this is a day that brings your relationship to that knife - edge between being purely platonic or totally involved . how do you make the decision ? just trust the gut feeling you have - you will not go wrong . you have been thinking about this for some time ; now make a choice . $ today you will feel the need for freedom . you have many ideas and projects that you would very much like to try out alone , and you really could do with some space . there is no need to create bad feelings between you and your loved one . just explain that time spent alone now will mean that you enjoy each other 's company a lot more later . $ you may find others are a little pushy today . however , it is this sense of daring that wins the day for you . there may be someone to whom you feel quite attracted but have not had the chance to talk to . using today 's energy of adventure , just go and start a conversation . the sooner you begin the better ! $ a certain conversation today yields far more fruit than you would ever have imagined . not only does the person involved have superb romantic potential , but they also fit your list of requirements for the perfect relationship . although you may be worried about losing this great opportunity , you need not be ; they are even more worried than you , so talk some more . $ you have a date with the past today . you may not have seen the person you intend to meet for quite some time , but do not let any fears or worries spoil what will ultimately turn out to be a great occasion . to make it a real success , go somewhere that brings back old memories , and you will soon be talking non - stop . $ this day brings with it a feeling of excitement . you and your partner may both benefit by taking a break from your daily routine and getting out to do something really different . try anything with that added element of danger , such as white - water canoeing , parachuting , or motor racing , if possible . you will probably appreciate each other a whole lot more after going through this unique experience together . $ you may be feeling just a touch sulky today . if your dearest one asks you ever so gently ( they would not dare do otherwise ) what is the matter , you assume a wonderful pouting expression . you could keep this up forever , but that is an awful long time . it may be preferable to grow up and act your age . your partner will certainly appreciate it . $ you are already known for that rather infectious laugh that you allow to bubble forth on mirthful occasions . however , today you may have a reason to really split your sides . it 's not that your sweetest love is particularly funny , but something about them just tickles you pink . if they object , just pretend it 's the latest riotous joke you heard , and then they will not take offense . $ harmony pervades the atmosphere today . hopefully , you enjoy those particularly insipid conversations in which people are forever buttering up each other 's egos and laughing hysterically at very bad jokes . if so , you may be able to cope when your sweetheart takes you along to meet mother . sit up straight , keep your eyes down , and do not fidget . that should do the trick ! $ the energy of the day may bring a touch of chaos to your love life . something is amiss , although it may not be obvious what it is . if you and your loved one are going through a period of estrangement , then the solution may not immediately appear . however , you can make progress if you take the broader perspective . do not get stuck in a narrow frame of mind . $ the energy of the day gives you a wonderful opportunity to talk about love ( or is that love ? ) , sentimental sweet and passionate things , and the joy of being together with your sweetheart . but before you get out the box of tissues in eager anticipation of a really romantic evening , you may need to check if your sugar puff can swim , as the flood of feeling is likely to copious . $ this is likely to be a day to remember . it has the same atmosphere as those romance novels in which the heroine is moody , passionate , unstable , and probably on tranquilizers , but because of all this , it makes a really good read . you may think you have some peculiar tendencies , but it is because of them that your partner actually enjoys the challenge of being with you . $ romance today has a touch of the unpredictable about it . you will both want to cooperate on doing something a little out of the ordinary . this may involve taking a journey , although it probably will not be to a foreign country . it could equally be a journey of real understanding , which will help you both to learn how to truly relate to each other . $ romance and love get a little help today . if there is something you need to change or transform in your relationship with your loved one , then this is the time to do it . take them to one side , maybe over a homemade dinner , and talk about what is troubling you . before you know it , you will have fallen in love all over again . $ although you seem , on the surface , to be fairly home loving and family - oriented , you nevertheless have some quite perverse interests , although you would never dare admit this to anyone except your loved one . the energy of the day may bring with it the urge to try out one or more of the more bizarre sides to your personality . give yourself permission to be totally and utterly yourself . $ if you are searching for romance today , then you may be surprised to find it where you least expected it . there is every indication that someone , whom you mainly ignored , suddenly seems incredibly fascinating . they seem to ooze a kind of wildness that you have dreamt about , but never found in anyone you ever dated . hold on to your hat : you are certainly going somewhere special ! $ there is a definite air of competition where romance is concerned today . people are likely to regress to a stage of their childhood . so , if your sugar honey decides to throw a mammoth and blood - curdling tantrum , complete with thrashing arms and legs , best to let them get on with it . ten minutes later they will have forgotten what all the fuss was about . $ is your sugar bunches coming across as the authoritarian again ? the energy of the day may induce them to pretend to control the household . meanwhile , you feel like one of those puppets dancing to whatever tune they happen to prefer . well , perhaps it 's time to reclaim your power , to let them know that you have more strings to your bow than any puppet , and from now on you intend to prove it . $ there is nothing like a really romantic evening in a candlelit setting , with wonderful music playing in the background , and the scent of roses bought by your dearest love , wafting across a table laden with oysters and champagne - the food and drink of love . the atmosphere of the day makes this not only possible , but also something that you truly and totally deserve . have a great evening together ! $ you may find today particularly enigmatic , and your latest lover even more so . indeed , the planets indicate that the emotional atmosphere between you may be a little strange . there is a certainly a great deal of passion and real caring there , but at the same time , there is a barrier that particularly concerns you because you like to feel emotionally close to someone . do not give up . $ the energy emanating from the planets may cause a boring situation to get in the way of a potential romantic conquest . shame , as they were so nearly in your grasp , and you almost had that date . but an old flame ( in fact , so old they have practically burnt out ) turns up and spoils what could have been a joyous occasion . you 'll get another chance though , so do not worry ! $ today s planetary configuration may be a little intense for you , although you are generally ok with emotional scenes . at any rate , you can always hide away beneath that crabby shell of yours if you really feel vulnerable . but it probably will not get that bad . you just need to get used to the fact that this person adores you in a way that no one ever has . you 'll get to like it . $ this is a great time to meet someone special . you may not find them at a dance or any of the usual haunts you would normally attend , but in an environment where people need help and support , such as hospitals , hospices , or volunteer activities . these are the potential places , because this person has real heart and cannot bear to see others suffer . $ the energy emanating from the planets makes romance something of a laughing matter today , for which you are grateful , as life may have been a little fraught recently . you may not have had the intention to meet anyone but going somewhere tonight could prove to be a turning point . one thing is for sure : it will be the sense of humor you share that will bring you together with someone achingly funny . $ this could be a day when meeting your soul mate should at least be a real possibility . although technically you can meet your true partner anywhere and at any time , there is a certain essential balance in the air today that encourages harmonious encounters . above all , you need to be totally utterly and truly yourself . $ you may take some time to get close to a person before you will admit to harboring fantasies . such thoughts are brought to the forefront of your attention tonight . if you are looking for love , there is a chance you may meet someone who at least resembles your fantasy lover . but do not admit to anything until you see them in the cold light of day . $ you may well find that certain reservations begin to slowly clear up . a relationship in which you feel deeply bonded to the other has been causing you to feel a sense of misgiving , due to a recent communication problem . so far , it seems that this has been almost impossible to resolve . but today a breakthrough occurs , and a very significant one at that . $ if you have a secret on your mind , then it may start becoming a little too burdensome to keep under wraps . the astral energy of the day could have the effect that , although you do not really want anyone to know , you find it very hard to keep quiet . this is especially difficult if it involves an affair of the heart , yet for peace of mind , you know what you have to do . $ your sweetest love is in the mood to pamper you and shower you with affection . but not in the way that you prefer ; in fact , you may find it a little too cerebral . nonetheless , even if you feel a bit queasy when they read you some of the romantic poems they have created on your behalf , at least try and show a little appreciation . $ whether you are just about to enter into a relationship , or just about to leave one , the day 's planetary aspect indicates that this is a great time for discussion on any important issues . it is also a positive time for communicating in general , especially if you are still looking for the romance of the century . having conversations with new people is the answer . $ you may be feeling a little rejected . whether it was your fault or theirs is not really the issue . what does need to be acknowledged , through heart - to - heart discussion , is that both of you have contributed to the problem , and it will take both of you to solve it in such a way that you are truly happy with the results . $ this is a day filled with contrariness . while you are feeling very emotional and in need of being appreciated , cuddled , and told how wonderful you are , your partner may be feeling the opposite and need space and time to go off and do things alone . while this could be potentially hurtful , just appreciate that both of you have different needs right now , and perhaps a compromise is possible . $ you might need to be particularly careful about how you express yourself today . there is a danger that in trying to impress someone you are hoping to date , you may keep certain essential pieces of information secret , while talking endlessly about a whole lot of things that have little if any relevance . it would be better to speak from your heart . $ you very rarely take the straightforward path toward anything , preferring to meander back and forth in a zigzag fashion toward your goal . this goes for the object of your affection , as well . thanks to the current astral configuration , this tendency is likely to be increased . you may adopt some extremely artful tactics to capture the heart of your loved one . you may even choose to personally act out some of their most secret fantasies . $ the astral signs indicate that you are in great position to receive an invitation to a small event that you will really enjoy . it is while talking to new people that you meet someone with whom you really click . this is probably someone who shares the same sentimental values as you , and who also loves to have numerous cats around the house to cuddle . your conversation could go on for years . $ you could be feeling somewhat irritable today . a certain idea may have seized your imagination , but your partner do not exhibit the same enthusiasm . your displeasure may show itself in a fountain of criticisms . however , this mood will not last , as long as you do not hold on to it tightly with both hands ! $ it may be the feeling of being open to help someone that actually brings you into contact with that special person today . the energy of the day encourages the feeling of wanting to nurture those who seem to need help in some capacity or another . you exude warmth and a sense of hopefulness , and this is what attracts a certain person to want to know more about you . $ the planetary alignment may create a situation in which you find yourself confused as to which lover you would prefer to be with . many would call this a wonderful dilemma , but because you have such a strong sense of loyalty , you find it hard to cope with this problem . the answer to this may not be resolved in one day , but you can begin by asking yourself what you really want in a relationship . $ if you have been moody and nasty to your sweet love recently , then the cosmos allows you a boon today . you have a superb opportunity to show that , despite your antisocial ways , you do have a soft heart inside somewhere . so , make this a night when you please yourself by paying supreme attention to your sweetheart . buy presents , cook , dress up , and just enjoy each other 's company . $ there is enough mystery in the air today for both of you , and not a little magic , as well . a wonderful illusion is being created in which change is extremely likely - so be prepared for anything and everything . what happens next may not fall into the bounds of everyday normality , it may even defy convention , and it will definitely be unforgettable . at least you will never forget ! $ if you sense that there is some kind of barrier to your expressing your real feelings for someone , then you may need to investigate this a little further . today you will have the opportunity to do just this . you may have to overcome certain fears but thinking about this is not the same as just doing it . take a bold step and get on with it ! $ this is a great time to share some of your deepest and most vulnerable feelings with your close partner . if you can truly open up instead of telling half - truths or even lies to cover what you think are major faults , then you will also do yourself a really big favor . it will bring you real peace of mind and a feeling of serenity . $ a difference of opinion may arise between you and your loved one . however , you dislike conflict in general , and on such occasions tend to draw back into your shell , maintaining a stony silence . it may be better in this instance to say your piece , even though you hate to disagree . it is better to be true to yourself than not to bother . $ if you can develop more of an adventurous outlook in your love life and learn to be a little more experimental , then you may find it regains in strength . you will be encouraged to share deeper feelings in a playful and fun way . try and do things together that you would not normally do . it could change your relationship for the better . $ you will have the opportunity to get off of your couch , to switch off the television , and to be present with your loved one . if it s possible to get together , do not invite your sweetie over for yet another meal . this time dare to do something different , bringing a smile to your faces . go way out beyond your normal boundaries and try those things you have never before attempted . go boldly forth and fall in love again ! $ a lot of new ideas will flow today . you may feel more of an urge to communicate with new people and socialize . and will be more inspired to be doing something practical . working as part of a team will be good for you and may also enable you to meet up with someone who would like to team up with you . give it your best shot ! $ love will not be found in the same places as usual . today you will see that finding love needs to be a totally new and different experience . although you are not usually enamored by hot , spicy , or foreign foods , you would benefit by at least trying some takeout that s a little avant - garde . the potatoes may not taste the same , but your love life may improve . $ conversation between you and a loved one will flow today . sometimes we may think we are talking ; yet we have only spoken off the top of our heads rather than from the depths of hearts . take time today to have that deeper conversation and encourage some real sharing . it will renew and strengthen the bond between you and encourage you both to fall in love again . $ if it is a question of knuckling down to some serious work , or spending quality time with your new love interest , then you may not have much problem deciding . you will both feel the need to go out and do something different . spend time with friends , if possible , or go online to see a new exhibition . try anything that will expand your knowledge and awareness . $ you feel really good today . if you are in a relationship , try making dinner for a loved one and spoiling them . take time to tell your sweetie how you really feel , as this will strengthen the bond between you . if you are looking for love , then you may find it by helping out another in a difficult situation . $ although you know what you would like to do concerning an ongoing issue , you may not wish to upset your partner ( current or prospective ) , as they would tend to disagree . today you are encouraged to face up to the facts as they are and begin the process of sorting through the situation step - by - step . although this may not provide immediate relief , it is a thorough solution , and will work in the long - term . $ the day 's planetary energy may help transform a situation within your current relationship that has gone on too long . you would do well to initiate some kind of discussion , or perhaps seek some advice from a counselor who can help with the specific difficulties you have been moving through . to face up to and admit you have a problem in the first place is a very big step forward . $ there is a lot of speculation circulating about your love life at the moment . it could take a new and very different path forward , sooner than you think . all this is good news , although you may worry about how your relationship will be affected . shake off that pessimistic view and allow a miracle to unfold . then take that first step forward . $ you may try and go too far too fast today , given the energy boost you 'll have been on the receiving end of . a particular person who you have been trying to charm for some time may find you way too overpowering and develop a decided urge to run for it . if you want to give the relationship any chance , then back off . give them a little space to decide in your favor . $ this day brings with it an urge to withdraw from your sugar honey and to make a little time and space for yourself . do not worry that this will harm the relationship , as it may even do it a great deal of good . you need to think a few things through and get clear about how you feel . do not neglect yourself ; your needs are important as well . $ you and a loved one are becoming closer together in a warm and particularly caring way . perhaps you have both been overworked lately and have not had an opportunity to relax and allow a sense of calm cheerfulness to humor you . adopting a positive perspective that allows for a sense of humor will work wonders . be kind to each other today ! $ you would benefit by taking any opportunity you get to articulate just how you feel about your current relationship . it is not often that you get the chance to talk in depth about certain issues that may be leading to feelings of separateness . you have a lot to discuss . and it 's definitely worth the effort , as your partnership ( current or prospective ) still has plenty of mileage in it . $ you will stand up for your principles and values . if you have been keeping quiet , while inwardly seething at some of the attitudes and patterns of behavior that your partner ( current or prospective ) has been displaying recently , then perhaps it is time to speak out . if you continue to suppress your real emotions on these issues , both you and the relationship will suffer in the end . $ if you have been finding yourself thinking endlessly about a certain friend or potential romantic partner , then you may need to stop and take some action instead . the energy of the day may sweep you away into a paradise , but you would be better to find out how the situation really is between you before getting too carried away . once you are certain , then you can fantasize all you like . $ be prepared for some spirited conversation between you and someone you have set your heart upon . bartering is not quite the right word , and yet there is a sense in which you are both battling verbally to make sure that you both get what you know you deserve . but at least you are both being honest with each other - up to a point ! $ you may wish to convey something to your partner ( current or prospective ) that requires great tact and delicacy , but naturally you may also be feeling apprehensive about doing so . you may feel fearful of speaking your mind , and yet if you can open your heart and reach through these barriers , you will discover that something quite beautiful can happen . give love a chance . $ you may have to make a choice between being overly fussy and determined to pick holes in everything that your beloved dares to do or say , or changing your attitude . change is indeed in the air , and you can make the most of this opportunity to revolutionize the way you perceive your current relationship . go on - be nice ! $ you could be feeling as though there is a barrier between you and a loved one . you are aware of the slightest obstacle to union , and it may be better for both of you to allow each other some space to focus on things that are meaningful to each of you separately , rather than doing things together . later you can join forces again in a better frame of mind . $ there is a possibility of tension between you and your partner ( current or prospective ) , especially if certain feelings come out into the open today . the best way you can deal with some of this extra energy is to go off and do something active together that requires a lot of focus and concentration . this would then bring you closer together , rather than create discord . $ a little tension is set to come between you and your sugar honey , but quite honestly , this is nothing that you cannot easily handle . all you have to do is ask yourself whether you are getting enough satisfaction out of the relationship , then be completely honest with yourself and also with your partner ( current or prospective ) . you may feel like getting a lot closer to each other later on ! $ you 'll become a lot more open about your feelings today . if you have something that needs to be said , then this may not be the right time to do it . you may feel quite emotional , but you are lacking a sense of clarity , and so is your partner ( current or prospective ) . it would be best if you could enjoy the process of being together without making any extra demands right now . $ it 'll be difficult to remain detached concerning a current love relationship . if you are involved , then you are deeply involved ; there are no half measures . this is why it may be a good idea to ask your partner ( current or prospective ) how they are feeling , as you may be surprised at their response . if you can talk about areas that require change , your bond will deepen even further . $ you will have the opportunity to express some of your more extreme and controversial views to your love interest . as you are not usually well known for doing anything more original than trying out the latest filler for baked potatoes - this could be potentially exciting . if you have any pretensions to being unconventional - by all means , go for it ! you have nothing to lose and your partner ( current or prospective ) will be eternally grateful . $ something could shock your highly refined sensibilities today , but if you can overcome your initial reaction , you may even discover some new ideas that you could adapt to your more refined way of doing things . love is experimental and unconventional today , rather than romantic in the traditional sense . but it still has a certain appeal , as you will find out ! $ everyone seems to be sobbing on your shoulder today , imparting their deepest and most heartfelt secrets to you . others are getting in touch with their feelings that may have remained buried for some time . so be patient , as this will deepen your sense of intimacy with them . $ this is a great day to host a small party , if possible , and also to expand your social circle . a wonderful sense of harmony , buoyancy , and fun to any gathering will be in the air today . if you are looking for that special person , then develop your sense of humor and go out to places where you can relax and have a good laugh . this is not a time to be stuck indoors watching television . $ if you have been finding it hard going as far your current relationship is concerned , and are fed up with all the excuses you seem to be hearing , you will find yourself pouring your heart out about how you would really like things to be . do not say what this person wants to hear ; say what you need to say and change your relationship for the better . $ you are likely to feel encouraged to get out and socialize more than you have for some time . make use of a certain acquired boldness to go and speak to that person whom you have been admiring from afar . you do not have to be aggressive , but you would benefit by speaking your mind , and being honest about what appeals to you . $ you may find it all a bit too much today . it is not that you cannot handle love itself , but more the passion and intensity it is wrapped in . if you are single and looking for a relationship , then you may be bowled off your feet . this is hardly the scenario you fantasize about , so perhaps you had better be prepared . $ you may feel the urge to explore new areas of a personal relationship . you have gotten used to a certain pattern of behavior and find it difficult to consider any other way of being with your partner ( current or prospective ) . however , if you extend your thoughts a little and start to consider the possibility of a new direction , then you may equally feel like making it work . $ love is very caring , deep , and exotic today . you have every opportunity to make a deep impression on that delicious person you 've been watching from afar , and to touch their heart in that special way . but do not give them everything at once . dally a while , let the game linger , and they may stay around even longer ! it will not hurt to keep them waiting , and they will appreciate you even more . $ small gatherings of friends and families may provide the opportunity for you to meet someone rather special . however , your first encounter may be much more serious than you hoped or feel comfortable about . but though you may begin your relationship with a very thought - provoking , possibly disturbing conversation , where this eventually leads will certainly make you smile . so , do not be put off in the meantime . $ a few interesting doors will open up for you today , especially in terms of love and romance - if you can make the decision to go somewhere different and possibly educational . if possible , try a place where you can learn something new and fascinating , as there you may meet a person who appeals to you on many varied and interesting levels . do not be shy - go for it . $ you 'll have the chance to add much - needed change to your relationship by discussing in great depth a certain important issue . you both know what needs to be said but are hoping that somehow the subject can be bypassed and forgotten . this will not help in the long run ; like a wound , you both need to heal . take time to start this process . $ your partner ( current or prospective ) will most probably seem determined to initiate arguments . this will especially be the case if they have been under stress . probably they just need to find an outlet . it may well be worth your while to send your mate for a workout where they can vent their mood on the something else instead of you and get some exercise as well . $ you are in for a day of many flights of fancy . if you have been fantasizing a lot about someone with whom you would like to become more intimate , then you may find the longing to be with them becoming almost unbearable . if you stick to what is real about the relationship , then you have nothing to worry about . but if this is all based on wishful thinking , you could be in trouble . $ talking is necessary today in order to increase real communication in your current relationship , but it has to be the right kind of talking . there is no use in glossing over difficult details in order to make life easier . you both need to address the essential problem . that will require more than a little courage but will be very worthwhile in the long run . $ life appears cold and calculating today . friends may seem more distant than usual , and you yourself may also feel like spending time alone . go with this , especially if you sense the need to think certain things through , or perhaps seek a different perspective on a recent event that may have thrown your equilibrium off balance . this will bring you back to a state of harmony . $ although you generally like everything to be nice and very coordinated , life and relationships are rarely like this , and especially not today . you could find some unpleasant feelings bubbling up to the surface , which it would not be wise to ignore . you may have to have one of those kinds of conversations , in order to clear the way for a really romantic encounter this evening . $ if you feel clumsier and generally uncoordinated in the area of your personal relationships today , do not worry too much . it is bringing certain patterns of behavior up to the surface so that you can become more aware of how you unconsciously sabotage some of your relationships . do not be too disheartened - this is a big step forward . $ the opportunity to show your partner ( current or prospective ) just how much you care will present itself to you . if you really want to improve your current relationship , then this may be a good time to do something that proves just how much you want to be with them . it do not have to be anything too excessive , just enough for them to get the message loud and clear . $ those special qualities that you just love to explore and tease out within the arena of your close personal relationships are especially apparent right now . you are extremely attractive to others and may find yourself the center of attention on more than one occasion . if you have a person you are eager to impress , then turn on your best smile and watch them melt . $ you will find love both deeply intense and wonderfully romantic today . you will enjoy being wined and dined and treated to all the best indulgences but may not be so interested when you realize that all of this does not come for free - there is a price ! perhaps it would help to inquire at the outset just what the deal is . $ you may have quite an intense day ahead of you in terms of virtual meetings and interactions . you 're putting a lot of effort into one particular relationship that seems to be especially promising . but at this stage it may also be wise to gauge just what you are getting back . it 's fine to be in love , if the feeling is mutual . $ you may find loved ones lacking in necessary tact . if you are feeling sensitive today , it may be better if you spend a few hours alone and visiting virtual art galleries or making a call to a good friend . rather than spending the day feeling cross and fed up with your partner s ( current or prospective ) crassness , enjoy some time by yourself . $ if you have been looking for that perfect relationship , then you may be in luck . your best bet is getting out and about and being seen by as many people as possible . if it s possible to go out this evening , then you may find yourself in the company of someone who loves to talk endlessly about the meaning of life . hopefully , you are prepared to listen ! $ if possible , get out and do something interesting with a close friend or love interest . relationships are more platonic today , yet you can share all kinds of new experiences and discuss your feelings later . whatever you decide to do , make it unusual and very fascinating . learn something different , and when the passion returns you will have more to share ! $ love is powerful , completely self - indulgent , and also very wild today . in fact , as your image is a constant worry to you , you may feel perturbed at the thought of your hair getting messed up and out of shape if you dare to indulge in an hour or so of passion . there is also a chance you could get completely swept away - if you wish ! $ rather than going out on the town , or spending time going around visiting friends and socializing , something persuades you to spend a night at home together . create a warm and romantic atmosphere using candles , wonderful aromas , and a spot of massage - and you need never go to the movies again ! sometimes good things can be found where you least expect them . $ you 'll have the perfect opportunity to meet up with the kinds of wonderful people you love to be with , such as artists , poets , and creative folk in general . if you are communicating with new people with the purpose of finding a suitable partner or date , then do not rush to make a decision , as someone you thought quite special may turn out to be a little jaded at the edges . $ it could be because your relationship seems to have gotten stuck in a certain routine , that you feel like plunging into despair . the present planetary alignment may bring out feelings of isolation and loneliness between you , which indicates that you have ceased to communicate on any kind of heart - to - heart level . discussion is the first step toward creating changes that work for both of you . $ with the current astral alignment , you will not be willing to put up with any form of restrictions involving your romantic life . if a love interest tries to inform you that you now belong to them for the rest of eternity , you will feel duty bound to let them know that you are and always will be a free person , and that no one will ever own you . remember not to get too carried away - this can be done kindly ! $ your current love interest may prove to be something of a puzzle today . if you , in your occasionally tactless manner , manage to upset them even further , you may find it extremely difficult to make any kind of contact over the next twenty - four hours . this is fine if you 're not invested in the relationship , but if really do care about them , be careful ! $ you certainly have a powerfully magnetic and attractive aura ! the celestial alignment makes you shine so brightly that a loved one will find it hard to look at you . in fact , you may appear so completely enthusiastic and overwhelming that those closest to you are very tempted to steer clear . if you want some kind of human contact , you 'll need to tone down your intensity and be quiet . $ you may find out that the conversation you had set your heart on tonight does not turn out quite as you expected . the planetary energy could make it an evening that is truly boring . the problem is that you are both on different wavelengths , and a good time out for one will be tedious for the other . yet you could still hit it off and end up really good friends . $ love is on the surreal and unearthly side right now . it is not of the usual hands - on variety , so if you are going out on a date for the first time , it may be more of a romantic and spiritual affair , at least to start off with . it will be the quality of the conversation , rather than anything else , that will make the evening a success . $ the day 's astral energy puts you right in your element , especially if you are working within an academic milieu . love is quite intellectual at the moment , and you could well find yourself attracted to someone whose theories and insights you have long admired . if do get the chance to talk to them , they may be impressed with certain of your qualifications , too . go for it ! $ if you are tempted to paint a more idyllic image of yourself and your lifestyle in order to persuade another to date you , you could be making a sad mistake . the energy emanating from the planets may encourage this tendency to exaggerate , but unfortunately you will not be able to continue keeping up the lie indefinitely ; after a time , they are bound to discover the truth . yet if they really are attracted to you , they will not care anyway . $ the planetary configuration brings a sudden sense of clarity . you may have felt confused about a few things associated with your love life . first of all , you realize that sitting around waiting for the right person to drop in and suddenly be everything your heart desires , is not going to happen . second , it becomes obvious that nothing will ever happen if you do not go forward and meet life halfway . $ the astral alignment makes both you and your love interest very inclined to fantasize heavily today . if you are both aware that you are doing this and can do so consciously , you could have a real ball . it only becomes dangerous if you are not conscious of it and are getting carried away with unrealistic hopes and expectations . just be aware of where your minds are taking you . $ the planets are radiating an energy that encourages your finding a hundred and one reasons why you do not want to date a certain person , but one very powerful and controversial reason why you do . you love being the oddball , and dislike being just part of a crowd . the date you are considering will certainly get you noticed , but is it the kind of attention you really want or need ? $ love and romance are delightful but tend toward being more spiritual and platonic . the planetary energy encourages you to meet others from all walks of life , and this need not necessarily be in the flesh ; it could also be on the internet that you make some truly wonderful contacts . it is knowing more about the inner worlds that another inhabits that you find so fascinating . $ the current astral aspect involves both the shabby and the saintly , as far as relationships are concerned . you and a loved one could become involved in some very underhanded behavior in the name of romance , yet just as easily either of you could rise to the heights of real caring and compassion , regardless of what the other could be guilty of . you can play your hand both ways today ! $ the planetary alignment gives you plenty of scope for change and transformation within your relationships . you tend to have a somewhat experimental approach to your dealings with others and may not be able to resist poking around to see what you can discover today . if you do intend to hold one of those conversations , then do not be too hardhearted . others will respect you more . $ deep conversations do hold a certain appeal for you , but only if they do not involve discussions of any unpleasing aspects of your own behavior . the celestial configuration encourages you to be profound , particularly in connection with a relationship that you find quite fascinating . if you want to keep things this way , you are going to have to cough up the goods and get serious ! $ if your current partner insists on continuously picking holes in the relationship despite your protestations , you may have to issue some kind of ultimatum . the planetary influences may encourage exaggeration on all levels , so it may be best to have the said conversation another day . at the moment , neither of you are really prepared to admit the truth about what is actually happening . $ you may have to do a lot more fishing around in order to get the answers you have been seeking . unfortunately , if someone is being purposely evasive , you will not be in the frame of mind to cope with this . on the other hand , it will not help if you try to force information out of them , either . try and be reasonable if possible . $ you may find it difficult to know exactly which tactic to take today concerning a personal relationship . the current planetary energy encourages a kind of ambivalence in your attitude . you know that you want to be with that special person , but at the same time do not wish to lose your freedom to do as you please . perhaps it would help to decide which really means the most to you . $ the energy emanating from the planets may encourage you to go bananas today at parties , gatherings , and social events . whether you are in a permanent relationship , or looking for one , people will be drawn to you by your magnetic charm and open personality . it will really lift your spirits to connect with so many new people , and many of them may become very good friends . $ the planetary alignment makes you even more eager to work out what makes a certain person tick . you may have tried a variety of approaches , all without success , yet are determined to have another go . perhaps you need to enhance your image , and though it may not be your color , try wearing some black . then focus on overcoming your fear of too much passion , and you just may have the ticket . $ the current planetary alignment may make you wish that you had perhaps never set eyes on a certain person . you feel that it is impossible to understand where they are coming from , what they want , nor want you are getting from the relationship . but if you could only change your perspective ever so slightly , you may see a very different picture emerging - and one that pleases you far more . $ the present astral energy offers a great chance to do a lot of socializing and to meet new friends . if you are looking for that perfect romantic date , you may find it in places such as sports centers , among spiritual people , or other places that people are willing to work together as a team . you need to be able to talk and network with others for maximum effect . $ this is a great day for meeting up with others and enjoying their company . the astral energy brings you into contact with those who can significantly expand your own thoughts , ideas , and beliefs , and who could have quite a profound impact on your life . one of the people you meet may become more than just a passing friend . this person could be here to stay ! $ you will have to do some real talking today , as the celestial influences kick in and create the potential for a dramatic turn of events . this is a great opportunity to really make some powerful changes in a current relationship , and to deepen the bond between you and a certain special person . it may not be easy , but it will certainly be rewarding . $ love could be tested today . a relationship that you thought was going great may inexplicably come to a crashing halt , whereas another that you had not really considered to be going anywhere may suddenly be the one that gets your heart beating hard . if you are out and about , you will need to wear something unique and enchanting . $ you may find it quite difficult to raise conversation to a level that you find remotely stimulating . you are certainly not short of people to converse with , but you do not find yourself uplifted by the very mundane and overly practical approach which seems to be so much a part of all this . too bad , you could miss out on someone quite special ! $ you could find it a bit hard going this evening . the celestial configuration indicates that although you may have had high hopes romantically , tonight 's date will not turn out the way you had expected . you may find yourself becoming terminally bored by concern over petty details and trivia , which is nothing like the stimulating conversations you are used to . you may have to chalk this one up to experience . $ even though a certain situation has been bugging you for some time , you may still refuse to come to terms with it , let alone do something about it . it may fall to your partner ( current or prospective ) to get the ball rolling , while you stand by and chip in with the occasional comment . but even in this instance you could still learn something of value . $ the planets are really just a reminder that for every peak there is a trough , that nothing can continue along on the same even keel . your current relationship may seem to have reached a low point , but from here on things can only go up . do not take today 's events too seriously , as in a few days your perspective will have changed once again . $ ok ! so things may not be quite perfect today ; there may be a touch too much emotion and passion in the air that threatens to overflow everywhere at the slightest provocation . the astral influence does , however , offer a unique opportunity to get closer to someone , even though you may be putting yourself on the line , and opening yourself up a little more than you feel is necessary . $ the planetary energy encourages one particular romantic liaison to become more prominent . no matter how many love interests you have in your pocket at the moment , one of them is going to outshine all the rest . even though you may not have paid much attention to them in the past , you certainly will not be able to ignore them today , and you surely will not want to . $ you may decide to give up on love and relationships altogether , given the current planetary aspect . a certain person with whom you thought you had a special rapport proves very distant . do not take this as a sign that the relationship is off . it is just that your partner ( current or prospective ) is going through a period of inner turmoil , and needs time to reflect on what is happening . be patient and do not deter from the path you are on . keep going ! $ the planetary energy is encouraging you to see your love life from different perspectives . on the one hand , you are eager to win that special person over , and want to go out with them on that perfect date ; on the other , you want to hold back for fear of making another mistake , and upsetting the status quo once again . listen to your heart rather than your head . $ someone you thought was quite wonderful and full of delightful promise turns out to be a little more basic than you could have imagined . the energy of the day is helping you to see where you have been making some serious assumptions . there is no need to be rude , but you will probably feel the need to keep more of a distance in the future . $ your love interest is in a wonderful and quite enchanting mood . this is a great time to go out and celebrate your relationship . go out for a romantic meal , do something different that you would both enjoy , and basically rediscover how much fun it is just to be together . it may also be the perfect time to invite some friends around and have an impromptu party . $ the planetary lineup is a wonderful portent of a great day of socializing . you will benefit by getting out to any new events that may entail meetings with those who share your ideas , ideals , and ambitions . if you are hoping for some romantic success , then you will have most chance of finding it where there is some serious discussion , rather than frivolous conversation going on . $ you may just have to access that place in your heart where some of your most delicate emotions exist . you will have to discuss the deeper issues of your relationship ; otherwise it could become even more confused than it is at the moment . with just a little effort you could clear up so much between you . it is worth it ! $ the celestial configuration is encouraging you to take a tour through the murkier corners of your being in order to understand your attitudes toward relationships . this is a rare opportunity to see certain patterns of behavior from a new perspective , and begin to analyze your motives for adopting them in the first place . a new era is dawning in your ability to be open and genuine with others . $ do not try and force your hand in a certain situation , especially given the planetary atmosphere . the relationship that you are trying to make work would actually work a lot better if you could just stop fretting and worrying quite so much . sometimes too much involvement actually complicates things unnecessarily . you would be far better off to just allow things to develop naturally . $ the day 's significant planetary aspect makes you very much aware of what you are actually looking for in a partner . you suddenly appreciate with real clarity , that combination of personality traits and ability to express a range of feelings that really turns you on . but the last thing you want to do now is to go looking for this . the right person will appear when the time is right . $ if you can alter the perspective and change your focus , you may make some fascinating discoveries . rather than limiting a current difficulty within a relationship to a certain issue , you need to enlarge the focus so that you get an overall view of the partnership as a whole . it is this that will give you the insight you need to move forward with confidence . $ the vibration from the planets is encouraging you to see the funny side of a recent situation involving you and your partner ( current or prospective ) . it may be much easier for you to adopt a very self - righteous and grandiose attitude , but this will only serve to alienate you still further . it would be far more preferable to try and see the event from a more humorous and positive perspective . $ the celestial alignment is just what you need today to help cement the bond between you and someone special . you have done all the research , have watched them strut their stuff in a variety of situations , and also know what their limits and how far their boundaries extend . you feel confident and happy to make that next important step . make time to celebrate . $ the day 's planetary energy brings a lighthearted approach to your personal relationships . if you have been going through a rather serious time with your partner ( current or prospective ) , then arrange an evening out ; break away and go somewhere special . take in a show , or go see a humorous movie . do anything to ensure you get a chance to laugh , even if it means being a little offbeat or outrageous for once . $ you may find today unsettling in terms of love and romance . do not worry - there will not be any nasty surprises . it will be more in the nature of an event that is so unexpected that you will not be able to believe it is happening . however , nice things do happen to people , so enjoy what comes , as there is plenty more to follow . $ the planetary lineup may make a confrontation of some kind between you and your partner ( current or prospective ) inevitable . if you have been focused on other things , and have had to put your relationship to one side for a while , then you will certainly have to pick it up today . but rather than this being a potential disaster , it will lead you both to a deeper understanding of each other . $ the planetary lineup will finally help you to understand what has been causing a certain source of irritation or anger . you may find that you feel that familiar urge to have a fight , and suddenly realize , with real clarity , exactly why this keeps happening . this understanding is an important breakthrough , which could help matters between you and your partner ( current or prospective ) . a breakthrough in communications could occur . $ the astral energy may make you react in a far more obstinate way than you actually need to right now . you perhaps know that you are not entirely right in maintaining your stance , but also cannot seem to help it , as it involves a matter of pride . if you do not have that much invested in the relationship , then carry on ; if you do - try changing . $ you really need to lift your eyes to the horizon and beyond , instead of keeping them firmly fixed on the ground and what is immediately in front of you . a close personal relationship may be suffering because of your lack of vision . you would greatly improve matters if you could make time to talk about what you both expect from the partnership . $ you are generally far too aware of the waste of time and energy that goes into petty disagreements . however , you may have to get at least one thing straight today . if someone close to you insists upon stepping over a certain line , when you have repeatedly told them not to , then they only have themselves to blame . they have been duly warned . $ the astral energy illuminates everything with a golden glow , and brings a touch of magic to your relationships . if you are going out on a date tonight , then you will find it to be quite delightful , as long as you do not try and fit your partner ( current or prospective ) into any particular kind of pigeonhole or box , and have them categorized before they have even opened their mouths . $ do not hold back unnecessarily today . a loved one knows how you feel about them deep down , but would love to hear you say those words , which mean so much to them . accompany this with a thoughtful gift , and perhaps a romantic meal for two , and you will have made them truly happy . which has to be a very pleasant way to spend the day . $ you would be better to tune into yourself and try and discover your more lighthearted and youthful side if you want to make the most of today . the energy of the day encourages you to be more fluid and flexible , and this will help you create the right approach in order to attract the perfect love interest . practice loosening up , do things you would not normally do . have a ball ! $ you may feel encouraged to take a break from your usual routine and go somewhere different . try going somewhere that will stimulate your imagination and get you back in touch with your capacity to really enjoy yourself . it is when you are relaxed and having fun that you radiate a wonderful aura , and are more likely to attract someone special into your life . $ on subtle levels your values are changing concerning what you are looking for in a relationship . whereas you previously knew what you wanted , now you are not so sure . you tend to think you ought to want a certain kind of person , but are now beginning to prefer a different type completely . however , this will take your relationships to a new level . $ you will need to take the alternative viewpoint if you are going to make any headway in a particular relationship today . the astral energy encourages you not to do the same old things , or continue to pigeonhole your partner ( current or prospective ) . everyone needs room to move and express themselves , and by removing any mental projections of them , you will help them to be more authentically themselves . $ the current planetary aspect may give you such a deep - seated sense of security that you have no problem in expressing delicate feelings to your partner ( current or prospective ) . you finally understand that they are not around to get at you , or to make you feel bad for not being perfect , but that they really do want to love and support you . give your sweetie a chance to show you how healing total acceptance can be . $ if you have any need of proof as to how a loved one feels about you , then you may very well find just what you are looking for today . there is that extra special touch of romance in the air for both of you , combined with a heady passion that makes you fall in love all over again . $ a strange coincidence may be the very factor that enables you to get close to someone you have long admired , yet who is not really a part of your social circle . this person will open you up to sides of yourself that you have never seen before , and also encourage you to try new things that express your essential personality . $ the current planetary constellation is helping you to break out of an older pattern of relating , and encouraging another step forward in the process of understanding yourself . change is the only thing in life that we can be certain of , and is a force for good , as it encourages you to look at the larger pattern , and find a deeper sense of purpose connecting you with all those you meet . $ a message you receive today could certainly make you smile . the current astral aspect may bring an invitation to visit somewhere special , and what 's more , you will also have someone very special to accompany you there . this could be the opportunity that you have been waiting for . all you need do is say yes , and also be open to new experience . the last piece of advice is especially important . $ the planetary alignment today may encourage you to dig your heels in where a certain relationship decision is concerned . your partner ( current or prospective ) may wish for some changes in order to keep it moving and also open to new elements . however , you may find that this makes you feel insecure , and you would rather things remained as they are . perhaps a little honest discussion is called for at this time . $ do not let disagreements spoil what could potentially be a wonderful day . the planetary alignment of the day means that you have a chance to pool your energies into a plan or project that would be deeply meaningful to both of you . if you can both agree on what you want to accomplish at the outset , you will save yourselves a great deal of time and trouble . $ the planetary energy exerted today indicates that you may have to rethink a certain decision made in haste . you may not have had all the facts at your fingertips , or possibly just had too much on your mind to sit down and make a proper informed choice . however , events today between you and a loved one reveal that you do need to clarify the reason for reaching a certain conclusion . $ with today 's planetary alignment it is quite all right to go ahead and dress in brighter clothes . at times you have a tendency to wear darker shades , which is no problem , except that in terms of love and romance you need to lighten up , as someone very colorful is about to arrive in your life . they will want to take you away on an adventure - be prepared . $ even though you are currently quite happy with your relationship , you may still find your mind turning back to one past affair that seemed to have a certain charm you have never been able to recapture . the celestial atmosphere of the day indicates that it is time to reflect on this and either do something about it , or let it go and be free to move on . $ you may find it easier to keep quiet than to say what is really on your mind today , with the current cosmic climate . although there may be one burning issue that you need to discuss , somehow you and your partner ( current or prospective ) are avoiding it . it may even be better to spend some time away from each other , in order to reflect more deeply on how you both feel . $ someone may seem to be eternally evading you , and this is getting to you right now , with the current celestial atmosphere . you may have built up some kind of very dramatic image of this person in your mind , and have also convinced yourself that they are truly awesome , and so cannot understand why they do not want to be closer to you . today you may get your answer . $ the current planetary transit means that you can really enjoy yourself today as long as you remember not to stick only to the tried and trusted . if you are in a permanent relationship , perhaps it is a good chance to spend some time apart discovering your own unique interests . if you are looking for love , then do not frequent your usual haunts - try somewhere new . $ a gift that you purchase for someone special turns out to have a surprisingly profound effect on them . the aspect today indicates that whether it is a book , a piece of art , or something completely unique , it is bound to thrill your dearest love . so much so that your relationship may change in a pleasantly surprising way as a result . things could begin to get better . $ today 's aspect gives you the confidence to let someone know how you are feeling . if you had some doubts about whether this is appropriate or not , they will be dispelled by going ahead and saying what you have to say . they may even tell you that they were about to say the same thing , but do not know how to begin . so be brave and have faith . $ today 's planetary alignment brings you a chance to melt the ice as far as someone special is concerned . perhaps you too need to overcome one or two inhibitions in order to get the ball rolling . rather than going over the top and doing it all wrong , all you need do is approach them with a warm and friendly smile , and take it from there . $ if you feel the need for some excitement today , then you may do best to get some breathing space and take some time out away from a loved one . the position of the planets today means there is every chance that this will blow away the cobwebs that may have been gathering in the relationship recently , and also help you to rediscover your personal store of inner joy and happiness . $ the current planetary alignment encourages you to get the message across to a certain individual . you may be tempted to try every trick in the book , such as scented love letters , coy and seductive glances , or bursting into tears in their vicinity . but to be quite honest , you may have more of a chance if you just say it like it is . at least you will get a more meaningful response . $ the planetary alignment today means someone special is expecting to hear from you today , but are not certain whether they will . it all depends on your mood and if you feel it 's worth it . yet this is a time to celebrate love in all of its forms - and when you want to impress , you certainly know how to do so in style . go on - make someone happy ! $ you will have to shape up some of your ideas if you want to stay in your sweetheart 's good books . the current atmosphere implies that they may be getting tired of some , if not all of your routines . just for once you could try changing something , anything , in order to make the day more unpredictable . love responds to the fresh and new , rather the stale and outworn . $ if your close relationship seems to have crystallized into a predictable pattern , then make the most of today 's planetary alignment , as it offers the chance to break out into something a little more flexible and adventurous . but you do need to see that change is the best and most suitable response , and you also need to take action to make this possible . $ the planetary alignment today is encouraging you to plant some seeds for the future as far as one outstanding relationship is concerned . you may not be able to get where you would like to be right now because of various factors in your lives that are preventing this from happening . but this does not mean that you cannot continue to develop and strengthen the bond between you . $ change may be the very tonic that the doctor ordered , especially with the position of the planets today . it is important not only need to alter your physical location every once in a while , but also your mental one , as well . believe it or not , this may be the very strategy that will enable your love life to flourish . seeing things from a different angle could change everything for the better . so why wait any longer ? $ if you are staying in a particular relationship because it offers a sense of comfort , a secure base , and a prestigious lifestyle , and yet does not bring any real emotional satisfaction , then perhaps you need to start asking yourself some questions . the current planetary alignment helps you to face up to this , and also to consider the alternatives , that most certainly would include a heart - to - heart talk . $ if you want the answers to some of your most pressing questions about life and love , then you can do no better than to consult your dreams . today 's planetary alignment encourages you to take them seriously , as they will give you answers to questions that have perplexed you for some time . tuning into your dreams and wishes means you will not become distanced from your heart . $ take a break from any demanding routines to do something special with a loved one . the current astral configuration encourages you to take the initiative to decide where you would like to go , and what you will do when you get there . if you want to make an even greater impression , then try and change your image . dress in a style and fashion that is completely different from usual . $ today 's position of the planets may seem to be associated with some cracks that could appear in your close relationship , and yet this will only happen if you have been trying to conceal them without trying to bring about a healing . it would be better if you acknowledged these problems , and began now to deal with them honestly and openly . make a start and you 'll soon feel better about everything . $ you could be feeling very irritated today , especially with today 's astral configuration . your current relationship may be going well , and yet your mind is continually being pulled back to a past relationship that had qualities that this one just does not have . if you want to do anything positive , then you may need to seriously consider what your priorities are and go for those . $ there is certainly nothing repressed about a certain relationship . today 's astral configuration indicates that you may actually have more trouble keeping some semblance of control . you are not one to abandon yourself to the fires of passion too readily or easily without making sure that you will get something useful out of the relationship . this time you may well be more than willing to take a chance . $ there is a wonderful sense of mystery and magic in the air today that may lift your current relationship to new heights . the encouraging planetary transits mean you have access to pure romance . all you need do is conjure up the right atmosphere . this may take a bit of imagination , but your partner ( current or prospective ) will be inspired to devote themselves even more fervently to you . $ today 's position of the planets creates an opportunity to find out just how much a certain person really feels about you . whereas they may normally be a little shy about expressing their true sentiments , they will seem to gain extra courage today and so feel quite positive about what they can achieve . and of course this will prove very good news for you as well . $ sometimes it takes an event of quite an unusual nature to shake us out of our complacency . today 's favorable celestial atmosphere offers just such an opportunity . through some kind of unexpected opportunity , you may begin to see that the potential within your relationship is actually far greater than you had originally anticipated . you now realize why you were brought together , and how much you can achieve together . $ today 's position of the planets means that you may have a tendency to stick rigidly to one particular opinion or way of looking at recent events within your current relationship , and also to get too gloomy and pessimistic at the thought of what they might mean . while it may be a good idea to reflect on your feelings and motives , it would not be helpful to come to premature conclusions . $ the alignment of the planets may seem to cloud a certain issue , but in doing so it may clarify another . your feelings may be all over the place , yet you feel curiously free . images and fantasies play at the edges of your mind , but these beckon you to make a decision that you would normally find difficult . you will step over a very inviting line and feel glad ! $ the astral configuration may encourage you to do something radically different in order for a certain dream to come true . although you are generally outspoken , and certainly not subtle , it may be a change of tack to a more mystical and unique viewpoint that enables you to go out on that first date . you will certainly understand each other , and will definitely want to see each other again . $ your social life could really blossom with the alignment of the planets today , which will present chances you could not have imagined coming to you could suddenly be discovered right on your doorstep . do not pass an opportunity by just because it do not appear the way you think it should . love comes in many surprising packages and cannot be determined by looks alone . allow the bizarre and unusual to move you . $ everyone needs a little rest and recuperation . today 's astral energy means it is vital for you to take time out to regenerate yourself and feel good about life once more . certain events may have taken the wind out of your sails , and it is necessary that you find time to be alone . if attached , send your partner ( current or prospective ) out on errands and put your feet up . $ you will have no choice but to cease being hardworking and responsible , and be very relaxed - even laid - back . the celestial lineup will probably have you horizontal with laughter before the day is over , and this may not be because you find your own company particularly funny . a significant other may discover the subject that makes you giggle helplessly , and will not stop joking about it . $ it is not the material goods you have , or even the commonsense you display that will bring the person you want into your life . it is your spiritual qualities , and your understanding of those facets and philosophies of life that lie beyond the obvious world of the senses . you need to communicate from a different plane . $ to talk about the things you like spending your time doing could be embarrassing . you adore work even when on holiday , and you also love your ability to organize and achieve through discipline . you certainly have your work cut out today to get really relaxed concerning a certain issue . you need to surrender your worries and enjoy yourself . $ you may appear frustratingly aloof to your love interest . you have every chance of making a significant breakthrough in your most cherished relationship , but seem to have placed yourself behind a wall of glass . your love can see you , but just cannot touch . do you have to wait till your pride finally gives way before you reach out and say how you really feel ? $ the current planetary constellation brings a buoyant atmosphere at work . all relationships sparkle today . you may have the opportunity to talk with all the right people in all the right places , then to be given the choice about where you are going to be taken for dinner . you call the shots , so call the best ones . you have more influence than you care to acknowledge . $ money is often a very attractive proposition , and so is the thought of how to acquire more . the day 's planetary constellation may spell out a cunning plan in which your bank balance can suddenly rocket to higher levels , but money do not always buy love . someone may seem like an attractive proposition , but make sure there is more involved than money . it also needs to be emotionally satisfying . $ today you have a chance to see a problem from a unique perspective . the angle from which you perceive it makes a big difference between giving up on someone and allowing them back into your life . it is as though a light goes on in your head . you understand something about them that you just could not see before . instead of blaming them , you forgive yourself . $ the planetary alignment may mean that you get a chance to try out some of the fantasies that you have kept on the back burner up till now . if you and your sweetheart are finding that your love life currently needs something to bring it back to life , then perhaps you should take advantage of today 's cosmic climate to make some of your dreams come true . $ you enjoy talking with others , or perhaps preaching is more the correct word , so today 's position of the planets means that you may find it difficult to get the message across to someone whom you know currently needs your help and guidance . although this person probably knows you better than anyone , you will find that they seem unusually resistant to your advice . perhaps they actually do not need it right now ! $ today 's position of the planets means you are just wondering whether to dare take a risk of trusting your deeper feelings , which are guiding you toward telling someone rather special just how you feel . you may intellectualize over this for hours trying to consider all possibilities , but eventually you are just going to have to take the plunge . you cannot prepare for this in advance - you can only do it . $ it 's time to take your current relationship up to the next level . how many times have you felt you have already done this ? possibly numerous times by now . yet today 's astral configuration means that you know in your heart that you still have more work to do , and more possibilities to aim for . your partner ( current or prospective ) ship is really going places right now , so keep going . you can afford to smile ! $ today 's movement of the heavenly bodies encourages you to get out and do something different today . if you are already in a permanent relationship , then plan an adventure , something that gives you both a different slant on things . if you are in the early stages of a developing romance , go somewhere that challenges your natural intellectual curiosity . it will be well worth it . $ you should not underestimate your powers , as they are more in evidence than perhaps you realize . the energy of the day means that you can now cut through any situation that has proved difficult with the ease of a knife through butter . you have the ability to make some significant changes , and perhaps to redress the balance of power in a relationship where it has been very lopsided . $ hopefully your partner ( current or prospective ) knows just how ardent and enthusiastic you can be , because with the celestial atmosphere of today they are about to find out . whatever apparent event or insight triggers your passionate mood , you will certainly want to share it with the one closest to you . but before you knock them flat with the depth of your feeling , perhaps it may be a good idea to warn them first . $ the current aspect makes this a great time to pick out some fascinating and contentious topics of conversation , and go on your date armed with these plus a few juicy pieces of gossip . you may also need some new age jokes for good measure . but seriously , you will certainly have a laugh , and your ability to find the same things funny will make the evening all that more enjoyable . what are the odds on seeing each other again ? $ today 's planetary alignment means your current relationship could well benefit from a little more openness and experimentation . you are pretty open as it is , but may have become stuck in a rut of late , or found that days and weeks pass by in the same old way , with no new developments . take action , and rediscover your natural exuberance and love of exploration ; it will do you both good . $ you have the opportunity to get to know someone much better , and in the kind of sporty setting that you find such a turn on . the position of the planets indicates that while you both find each other attractive , you are also aware that you both need to bide your time , and get to know each other more deeply before jumping into a relationship . it will be worth the wait ! $ today 's astral configuration brings you the opportunity to gain fresh insights into the way you conduct your relationships . while you may have been going through a phase of pure passion recently , bowled over by your latest conquest , you have not had much time to stand back and truly evaluate the situation . this is a big chance , so do not pass it by , as you need to understand something . $ you may find it difficult to get a straight answer to a straight question , with today 's position of the heavenly bodies . somehow when it comes to the crucial issue , a loved one finds it all too easy to evade the answer , and change the subject . you may not find out the truth from their tongue , but you will find it , and can then make a decision about what to do next ! $ the astral configuration today encourages you to go to extremes . even though others may find you a bit extreme already , you may not be able to help yourself . the meeting that occurs today could develop fast and furiously into something that rapidly threatens to consume you . but this will be the least of your worries . it could be a true blending of heart and soul , and ever so special ! $ the present planetary alignment encourages you to think about a new beginning after a relationship that came to an end , and which may have caused you pain . the passage of time may have softened the hurt , and today could be the first time in a while that you feel like taking a risk again where love is concerned . it is a chance for a new beginning . $ today 's astral configuration makes this a great day for spreading your good - natured and sunny optimism around . arrange an impromptu party , along with a loved one , and invite both friends and strangers , as by the end of the occasion you are all sure to be like one happy family . this will uplift you both , and also introduce you to some interesting new faces . $ one piece of information that you come across could have a profound effect on your love life . the current celestial atmosphere indicates that you may have the wrong end of the stick concerning your attitude toward your partner ( current or prospective ) , and totally misjudged them as a result . today 's aspect offers the chance to put this right , and to perhaps apologize for your mistake , which may have upset your love interest . listen to your heart ! $ you may be wondering if you will ever find a way to resolve a certain difficulty between you and someone you truly admire . the position of the heavenly bodies encourages you to look a little more closely at what you consider to be the main obstacle . although it may have appeared daunting in the past , a new perspective will enable you to see a weak spot . then you can take action . $ the planetary alignment will encourage you to get all your jokes and wisecracks out , put on your sexiest outfit and get over to that party , which could be very much worth your while . if you have always wanted to meet someone who is every bit as adventurous , outspoken , spiritual , and crazy as you , then what are you waiting for ? could this be the moment of truth ? $ as the years go by you are learning more and more about your ability to deal with the various aspects of your relationship , and so the present astral configuration may indicate that you have reached another phase in gaining a deeper understanding of your partner ( current or prospective ) . although you both tend to have your differences , your strengths more than compensate for this fact . perhaps it is a good opportunity to celebrate . $ today 's planetary transits indicate that your usual direct approach to matters of love may not work today . there are far more subtle influences around that need to be taken into account before you can openly ask someone gorgeous out on a date . you will need to be able to read between the lines , and also be extremely tactful about any remarks you are tempted to make . $ the present astral configuration encourages you to pay closer attention to what another is trying to tell you , and to read between the lines if necessary to discover why they may be feeling as they do . you can have a tendency to ignore the more subtle signals that others are trying to send you , but if you can be more sensitive , you will certainly learn something to your advantage . $ the alignment at play today means that you are feeling on top of the world today , and this could have a profound effect , especially where your love life is concerned . if you are in a permanent relationship , then this will give you both the boost you need . if you are looking for love , you may well find it at the gym or while involved in outdoor activities . $ if someone has been trying to persuade you of the merits of going out on a date with them for some time , then with the present astral configuration , you may just be tempted to give in and see how it goes . there is every chance that you will both find it an enlightening experience , and will want to discover more about each other 's deeper motivations . $ today 's movement of the heavenly bodies may reveal an apparently glaring fault in a relationship that had seemed to be going so well . however , this need not be the end of the affair . if you both feel that you really do care about each other , you can easily sort out the problem , although it will require some courage and determination on behalf of you both . so get to work ! $ although it is your usual style to try and see the bigger picture , and to find the deeper meaning in any event , today 's planetary alignment could cause you to focus upon one detail that seems to have grown out of proportion . it concerns one feature of your current relationship , which you feel is of major concern . do not dwell on this too much ; just try and see it in perspective . $ if someone seems to be playing hard to get , and you are doing all the chasing , then you ought to know that it is just a façade . the alignment at play today reveals that they just cannot let you be seen catching them too quickly , as this would not be good for their image . so now that you understand their problem , you have more of a chance of finding a solution . $ the position of the heavenly bodies encourages you to get out and do something in a sporting or adventurous setting , as it is under these conditions that you may run into someone really quite remarkable . you certainly will not meet them by staying at home . another possible meeting ground could be at a gathering or event associated with philosophical or spiritual ideals . be prepared to be stunned , awed , and amazed . $ the position of the heavenly bodies eases the tension in your current relationship , and may encourage you both to spend some time apart doing those things that feed your individual souls . this is not a mistake ; in fact , it is probably something that should be booked into your calendar on a regular basis . it will greatly improve matters between you , and also strengthen your feelings for each other . so have a great day ! $ you may not initially realize what is going on until it has happened . the planetary configuration of the day creates a smoke screen , a layer of complicated confusion that seems to give you a false feeling of security . but it would be better if you could stay alert , as someone you thought you could trust may think that they can get away with behavior they should not . do not give them the chance . $ your partner ( current or prospective ) will not want to listen to yet another of your terminal sermons , especially with today 's planetary alignment . there is such a thing as the last straw , and today it could break the camel 's back if you cannot keep your tongue under some sort of control . it may be better to go your separate ways , just for the day , to keep the peace and ensure their sanity . $ you generally do not need anyone to boost your confidence , as you seem to have a natural fountain of it bubbling continuously from within . today 's position of the planets may give you the opportunity to share this with someone special who may have needed their own confidence boosting . you will be a source of warmth and support that they will very much appreciate , and will also never forget . $ you are a force to be reckoned with and virtually unstoppable . the position of the heavenly bodies today creates a situation in which you have supreme right of way . a certain person , for reasons known only to you , is now subtly under your control . how you deal with this will not only increase or decrease the respect they naturally feel for you , but will also affect the partnership itself . $ you may find it difficult to talk about how you feel , but the position of the planets means that you are not really sure yourself . you could try , but with your propensity for disrespect , you may well get yourself into even more trouble . your love interest may be pressuring you into giving some kind of response or explanation , but it would be better if you could put this off until you have an answer . $ the present planetary alignment may make you want to sit your love interest down in a chair and give them the lecture of a lifetime . but it may be better not to if you want to continue the relationship . the fact that you always have so much to say could mean that you are not giving them much of an opportunity to speak , which could be really frustrating . $ the current astral configuration may mean that you do not get to crack a single joke today , which could be a relief for your partner ( current or prospective ) . what you will be more inclined to do is talk about all the serious stuff , like the meaning of life , and whether it was a wayward chicken that was responsible for this whole show , or an egg . even better : shut up and write that book ! $ you tend toward a kind of hale and hearty romance , rather than the type that is spoken of in love poems and fairy - tales . the current astral configuration may work a miracle , and you could find yourself in the mood for a candlelit bath filled with wonderful aromatic oils and of course your nearest and dearest . toast your love with a glass of wine , and enjoy the bubbles . $ the planetary alignment at play today cuts through any thoughts , ideas , or ideals you may have harbored about someone , and brings you directly into contact with the person themselves . this may be a meeting out of the blue , which takes you by total surprise , because you will not be prepared for what is about to happen next . they are not like you imagined , but you find them incredibly attractive anyway . go for it ! $ a date this evening could prove a revelation in more ways than one . today 's position of the heavenly bodies means that you have an opportunity to talk with your potential love interest about something that very much interests them , and is just starting to interest you . this could be a turning point , not only in this budding relationship , but also in your life . you will find out something of immense interest and relevance . $ today 's astral configuration makes you want to stand on a metaphorical soapbox and lecture your love interest to the ends of the earth and back , which may not go over too well if you were planning on sharing a romantic meal . you would do well to try and allow them to speak occasionally , and to let you know how they feel about the relationship . you will learn something if you listen . $ sometimes it 's good to sit down and have a serious discussion with your dearest one . the current cosmic energy indicates that today would be a great time to schedule this , as you often get so involved with your daily duties that days can pass without even barely saying hello . take the time to stay in communication with each other . talk about all the big things and little things , and how much you mean to each other . this can be a relaxing day and very reassuring . $ there is a great deal of real warmth around today , and the celestial energy helps you to make the most of this . any social occasions that you and your partner ( current or prospective ) attend will be great fun , but perhaps it would be nicer for both of you to spend the evening alone together so that you can recreate the magic of your love for each other . $ today 's planetary alignment provides a positive omen of a successful date with someone who makes you slightly nervous , just because they are so totally gorgeous . you will not have to worry in the slightest , or feel that you are somehow inadequate , because they will also be completely bowled over by you . just be your natural happy - go - lucky and smiling self , and you will have a simply stunning time . $ this is a great day to indulge in some of your more exciting fantasies with a loved one . a square between the moon and neptune enables you to discover more about the kind of things that you both find inspiring and fascinating - whatever they are . you are in the mood for make - believe , for having fun , and just being silly , so go ahead and get it all out of your system . $ today 's astral energies encourage you not to take immediate offense when you go out on a first date with someone this evening . they have a very different attitude to life and relationships that you may find totally baffling at first . however , if you persevere , you will discover that underneath they have all the qualities you are looking for , even if they do come in a strange package . $ when you cannot speak openly , honestly , and freely , you naturally feel very limited and restricted , which is not your style at all . a date this evening may have just this effect on you . due to today 's astral configuration , you find that you cannot be natural , and therefore have a problem in knowing what to say next . shake this mood off and just start conversing about anything and everything - and the mood will change dramatically . $ today 's celestial energy creates the potential for a deeply emotional encounter . this is not something that you can prepare for , as it will happen of its own accord . but you will know when the moment has arrived because you will suddenly realize that - whether you have known this person for a while or only just met - there is a really powerful chemistry between you that defies rational explanation . $ todays celestial energy may create a sense of conflict in a current relationship . you need to act quickly , but also need to talk it through first . it is the conversation part that may cause some difficulty , as your partner ( current or prospective ) may not at this point be open to reason , and could stubbornly refuse to cooperate . if this is the case , then you will just have to do what is necessary . $ misunderstandings could occur today , especially in the way you perceive not only yourself , but also your love interest . you may think that the signals you are sending are quite plain and obvious , but everyone sees things differently , and they may not be being received in the same vein . with current celestial energies , you have your work cut out for you to make yourself understood . $ with today 's celestial energy , you will tend to take yourself very seriously today , and your partner ( current or prospective ) may also be in a similar frame of mind . no matter how much you laugh and joke , you will not be easily amused at any references to each other 's weaknesses or foibles . however , if you can also accept the times when you are feeling very vulnerable , your relationship will blossom naturally . $ if you have recently become involved in a new relationship , the current planetary alignment will help you to realize what an adventure this is . you have only just begun to get to know each other , and are already excited about what you have discovered . you may be prompted to undertake a project that will combine both your skills and give you even more to look forward to . $ today 's astral configuration encourages a loved one to play a trick on you , perhaps to test just how faithful you really are when tempted to stray from the straight and narrow path . the best advice is to keep awake and alert , and to deal with anything that may seem strangely suspicious in an honorable and praiseworthy manner . do not be led into any traps ; have the last laugh yourself . $ although the subject of romance and relationships seems like an excuse for a grand adventure , the influence of the current planetary alignment means that even you may succumb to the more powerful feelings that have been simmering away just beneath the surface . you very much admire one particular person , but have tended to lark around with them rather than telling them how you feel . take this bold step . $ there is a metaphysical slant to your love life with the aspect at play today . perhaps the person you meet at a party was a love interest from a previous life with whom you shared many adventures together . whatever the scenario , you feel extremely glad to be in their company , as well as very relaxed . you feel as though they are your spiritual equal . there is a deep bond here . $ current planetary energies are a great omen for your latest relationship , especially if you are going out on a date this evening . your conversation will range far and wide , and will be especially stimulating . you will both realize that your meeting contains great potential and will be excited to learn together , and to try out a whole variety of activities . you are both setting out on a wonderful adventure . $ current astral energies bring a chance for some serious discussion with your love interest . this is a great opportunity to be honest with each other and to talk about the future of your relationship . the only slight problem is that you may have an overly pessimistic view of it all . if you can be realistic instead , you can make great progress , and will feel a lot better about everything . $ with today 's planetary influences , you may feel more stern and less jovial than usual . but this may not be such a bad thing as far as your current relationship is concerned . sometimes those closest to us tend to overstep the mark because they think we will turn a blind eye . but it would better if you were honest and said so , if something displeases you . $ you could be about to step into a whole new phase , especially with the current planetary alignment . you have spent a lot of time transforming different aspects of your circumstances , personality , and relationships , whether consciously or not . right now another new wave is on the way to take you on the next leg of your journey . if this involves your partner ( current or prospective ) , then talking will smooth the way considerably . $ your love interest could be about to take you to some wild and exciting places today . the current planetary alignment indicates that not only do you need to prepare yourself for the adventure of a lifetime , but you also have to be ready for a more emotional journey that could be equally as exciting . on all levels the extent of your credibility will be stretched to maximum . $ the feeling in the air today could well melt your heart . today 's planetary energies are so wonderfully romantic that you will not be able to resist making overtures to someone . if you are in a long - term relationship , then use this to deepen your bond . if it is a first date , expect to be awe struck and totally bowled over . whatever the scenario , you will remember the occasion for some time . $ today 's planetary alignment may not be the most exciting thing in the world , but in terms of your love life , it could be a very beneficial influence . at times it is necessary to have our practical and material reality sorted out before we can even think about beginning a new relationship . you could be inspired to do whatever is necessary to bring this about . $ if you are planning a virtual date tonight , then you may be worried that it seems a little trite , or too sweet and airy to be true , and well it might . the current interplay of celestial energies may not encourage the most passionate conversation that you have ever had , but if you give it time you could well find yourself falling in love . go gently - easy does it . $ a spark certainly gets ignited today under the beneficial influence of the current planetary alignment . whatever kind of relationship you may have had with a certain person in the past , all this is about to change quite suddenly . it may be something quite casual and trivial that triggers the event , but from now on you can both consider yourself an item - which will be a real novelty . $ if you have flirting a lot lately , then you may be tempted to talk too passionate too quickly today . the current astral energy inclines you to all kinds of ideas and fantasies that may encourage you to think there is a more powerful bond between you and your potential partner than is actually the case . do not jump to conclusions - it is better to take it slowly . $ you may feel that a conversation you were looking forward to having this evening comes out on the flat side , as you just cannot muster your usual warmth . the astral energy indicates that it may not only be you who feels serious , your partner ( current or prospective ) may also . as long as you realize this , you can both enjoy a more in - depth discussion which may actually be more satisfying . $ love and romance could become very intense , with today 's celestial energy . if you have been hovering between two relationships , perhaps not having fully let go of one , and neither having totally embraced the other , then you could feel the need to get this sorted out . it is really a question of letting go of the old completely , so that the new can enter your life . $ the current planetary configuration could make today quite an interesting experience in terms of your love life . if you are going to see each other this evening , then expect it to be a wonderful occasion , in which both you and your potential partner will get on like a house on fire . in fact , the genuine warmth you feel for each other will be very noticeable . $ your evening may not go entirely according to plan , but it will not be boring . today 's celestial energy encourages you to discover someone 's intellectual preferences before you turn to more passionate matters . if you both have the same beliefs and ideals , then everything else will fall into place . if there is no meeting of minds , then no matter how hard you try , it may not last . $ today 's astral energy will certainly make for a very lively evening that you will not forget for some time . if you are going to be communicating with someone you really like , then it could be quite outrageous and a huge amount of fun - you may not have realized quite what this person was like . if you are single , then expect love to jump out at you from the most unlikely of places . $ current planetary energies may mean that you feel more determined than ever to find out how someone feels about you . if you are not in a love relationship , but have been making progress by leaps and bounds , then you will naturally wish to know what to expect next . it may be time for some in - depth conversation as to how you both feel about making a deeper commitment . $ do not worry too much if neither you nor your beloved have a clue as to what is really happening between you . the planetary energies are making normally clear - cut issues into vague and illusory shapes , so that you may feel you no longer understand the truth of the situation . things will be different in a couple of days ; meanwhile do not take decisive action based on your current perceptions . $ there is a very light and warm atmosphere around right now , with the current aspect at play . it is perfect for getting to know someone on a different level , and for communicating in general , as others are very much interested in making new contacts . if you are looking for love , then you will find that although it may not happen right away , you can certainly make a beginning with someone special . $ if you had any grand plans for a social outing or a date , then you may have to scale them down substantially . the astral environment ( in combination with world events ) is creating one or two obstacles , which means you will not be able to make the grand entrance you had envisaged . in fact , it would be better if you and your partner ( current or prospective ) enjoyed a less glamorous evening and enjoyed an intimate meal together at home instead . $ the current astral environment could cause you to explode over a certain issue involving a romantic partner . however , this is possibly not the best way to go about dealing with the situation , even though you may get some kind of temporary relief . if you are jealous about the attention that your current date is giving another , then creating a scene will only make it worse . stop and think first . $ the current planetary alignment enables you to pretend up to a point , but will it actually help you in your current situation ? if you have any ideas about how your adopted behavior may change your current relationship for the better or keep a certain person by your side when they do not really want to be there , then it would be better to think again . why cannot you be yourself ? $ the current astral energy encourages you to dress to impress for your lover if you re able to see one another tonight . there is the potential for a wonderful meeting of both minds and hearts . not only will you feel that you share the same thoughts and feelings , you will also know that your relationship will deepen and blossom as time goes by . make time to walk by the sea or in the moonlight . $ today 's astral energy makes you act and feel like a million dollars . if you have recently begun a new relationship that is still in that exciting and passionate stage , then expect today to increase the tempo even more . if you are looking for romance , then you will find it wherever you are involved in doing something that you really love to do - then you glow . $ love may surprise you today by appearing out of the blue . the celestial energy encourages you to keep an open mind , and also to move in circles , or speak to people whom you do not normally associate with . cupid 's arrow could strike at any time and will prove accurate in its aim . before you know what has happened , you will be head over heels , so be warned ! ! $ all kinds of activities are meaningful for you , with today 's scintillating celestial energy . if you are already involved in a wonderful partnership , then you will find the people you interact with enhance your current relationship no end . if you are looking for companionship , then all you need do is become involved in conversation and see what happens next . you could be in for a big surprise . $ the current aspect encourages you to play for high stakes in the relationship game today . you may or may not know that the person you are interested in already has someone else in mind , although they are not yet fully committed . you walk a risky path if you decide to take fate into your own hands and intervene , so as to make them desire you instead ! $ the current planetary energy encourages you to be ever so nice to your dearest love . if you have been getting on each other 's nerves of late , then why not make the effort to make amends , and perhaps buy them a nice present to really cheer them up . or better still , invite them over for an intimate meal with all the romantic trimmings if possible . it will certainly be worth the trouble . $ the current planetary energy encourages you to consider what your motives are for wanting to get involved in one particular relationship . if you search your heart and think that you may get something quite specific out of it , then you may actually be taking the wrong attitude . perhaps it may be more pertinent to ask yourself what it is that you have to give - then make a decision . $ today is a good day for you to weed through your desk and get more organized . you may have offers and papers from weeks or months ago . this information is valuable only if it is organized . establish a filing system that works to fit your needs . $ you will find yourself in the middle of a sticky situation today . co - workers are at each other 's throats and you may be asked to choose sides . standing in the middle with a foot in both camps may do you more harm than good . be assertive . $ your productivity level at work is extra high today so take advantage of this time . the more you accomplish , the more you will be inspired to accomplish additional goals . this positive upward cycle will lead to great success at day 's end . $ you have a unique opportunity to capitalize on the tension at hand . by seeing and understanding both sides of a difficult issue , you can invent a solution that will meet the needs of all involved . do not give up until this idea is found . $ be careful of stepping on someone else 's toes . in an effort to take control and get the job done right , you may upset a fellow coworker . perhaps you are on someone else 's turf . double check before overstepping your bounds . $ do not act too hastily today . you are likely to get a big dose of misinformation that will foul up the rest of your day if you are not careful . check your sources two or three times before you make a final decision on anything . $ your well - laid plan is likely to get shaken up today by someone who has a great deal of influence on you . do not be afraid to integrate a new idea or concept into a traditional way of doing something . doing so will create the winning combination . $ do not try to do everything by yourself today . you will find that tremendous opportunities come your way when you enlist the support and advice of others . fortunate chances will arise from these partnerships that will prove to be tremendously profitable . $ over the next four weeks , you have the ability to make huge strides with regard to your career . use this time to make any major moves that you have been postponing . the stage is set . all you need to do is embrace your role and get into the spotlight . $ you are the missing link to an important puzzle today . someone will call on you for your expert opinion on a certain issue . give it to him or her without beating around the bush . get right to the point . there is no sense in trying to hide the truth . $ wild bob - related accusations will spread around , and many of them will not be so nice . approach the source of these rumors instead of continuing the negative downward cycle of badmouthing others without dealing with the heart of the matter . $ do not overstep your boundaries today . to ensure that you do not , take the time to set things straight with a co - worker and or employer . make sure everyone is clear with what the expectations are . doing so will help prevent a nasty confrontation . $ make an adventurous leap forward today . do not be afraid to take a chance . big risk brings big reward . at the current time you may not feel that you are on totally stable ground with your career , but this is fine . take a deep breath and go for it . $ you are not likely to win any argument today regardless of whether or not you are right , so do not even bother getting involved . the odds are against you and you are currently outnumbered . wait for a more favorable time to make any big moves . $ your witty , sarcastic humor is likely to ease the stress of a difficult work situation . do not be afraid to let your comments fly . doing so will foster growth and better camaraderie amongst your coworkers . enjoy the people you interact with on a daily basis . $ upon hearing a rather far - fetched idea , your reaction will be to disregard it and move on with your usual approach . do not be too quick to cast your vote against this new concept . this brilliant new idea may be more applicable to you than you think . $ detective work done in the morning will have big payoffs in the afternoon . approach people directly and confidently . you stand to gain a great deal when you cut through to the truth of a certain situation . communicate your findings to others . $ consider going home early today . you are not getting through to others the way you would like to . there is no sense in spinning your wheels or trying to force a situation that is simply not meant to work today . wait until the situation improves . $ you are ready to take the lead on a certain project at work , but unfortunately , it seems that one of your co - workers has the same idea . sharing the leadership role is not going to be so easy , so do not bother trying . find a different solution . $ listen to your intuition today . it knows more than you think it does . spend some time alone , away from other influences . this time spent will prove to be extremely valuable . the insights that come to you will be tremendously beneficial . $ your stubborn streak is going to come out today in full force . make sure you are conscious of this so that you can temper it when it is appropriate for you to do so . overall , a strong approach will put you in good favor with those around you . $ push your thinking to new limits today . the rut you are in is comfortable since it is the one that you are most familiar with . realize that you will never grow unless you extend your boundaries and look seriously at the opportunities around you . $ aggression with other people in the workplace may become destructive today if you are not careful . remember that you are working as a team . there is no need to compete with your teammates . the idea is to work together . aim for cooperation . $ aggression with other people in the workplace may become destructive today if you are not careful . remember that you are working as a team . there is no need to compete with your teammates . the idea is to work together . aim for cooperation . $ you are in a volatile position today . there is a great deal of pent up energy within you . rid yourself of it by taking a long walk or a jog instead of bringing it to the job and getting frustrated and impatient with the people you work with . $ you feel the pressure of having to produce something without the resources needed to do so . others are demanding that something be done , but the lack of foresight on someone else 's part is making this task impossible . do your best with what you have . $ you are likely to get frustrated by other people who do not seem to be pulling their weight today . others are not showing the dedication and passion in their work that you often display in yours . be patient with them instead of judgmental of them . $ you may feel like your lucky stars are letting you down today . where are they when you really need them ? do not worry . they will be back in a few days . for now , just lay low and try not to get upset or frustrated when things do not work out as planned . $ you may have felt a tremendous shift recently in which you suddenly feel more comfortable in your own skin . this is not merely an illusion . this is the start of a wonderful 7 - year cycle in which you will be on top of your game . success is at hand . $ you will get frustrated and upset today when you notice other people getting accolades that you feel you deserve . instead of getting angry and jealous over this issue , talk to your superiors about what you can do to earn these rewards next time . $ you are in a good position to make a major move career - wise , but keep in mind that you will need to be flexible in order to make this happen . this move will not happen exactly as you might envision , but that is fine . you will still come out on top . $ people your work with or for who may act like your friends today may not really be your friends at all . keep in mind that they have selfish motives . they are not in this game to better your career . they are in it to better their own . proceed with caution . $ a difficult power struggle will erupt in relation to your job today - and most likely , it will not be pretty . other people are armed and ready to fight . you should be as well . just make sure you do not get too carried away . remember that it 's just a job . $ pay extra attention to the details today . your critical eye is needed for every document , e - mail , and memo that crosses your desk . take extra time if you need it , and make sure you do not ignore the fine print . something important is hidden there . $ you are in a good position today to take advantage of a situation that is floundering . people need direction and you can give it to them . your natural take - charge personality is exactly what is needed - so do not be afraid to stand up and take the lead . $ long - term goals should not be ignored , so be careful of getting so caught up in the daily grind that you forget to look at the big picture . use the power of the cosmos to take a step back and look at your situation . both sides are illuminated now . $ seek the truth before you proceed with any new work . in addition , it is extra important that you are honest with others . any deception towards or from others is likely to backfire quite badly . luck will come to you when you align with the truth . $ a new trend kicks off for you today that will prove to be extremely favorable for you . be sure to jump on whatever bandwagon comes your way . trust your instincts , for they will not lead you astray . prosperity is in the air and you can capitalize on it . $ you are still in the favorable position that you were in yesterday , but suddenly , the stakes have been raised up a notch . other people are now fighting for the thing you thought was automatically yours . you will have to put in more effort now . $ other people should know better than to press your buttons today . you are a walking time bomb that could explode at any second . do your best to funnel this tremendous energy into productive work instead of lashing out in anger at those around you . $ sometimes the universe asks us to go over something again if it feels that we have not done it right the first time . today is one of those days in which you feel this backward trend . instead of moving forward , you are asked to go back and review . $ today is a fantastic day for you to do any sort of editing or double - checking - so feel free to take on any work of this nature . you have a hawk - like eye that is able to detect an error a mile away . your movements will be efficient and concise . $ dreams of yours that have been tarnished lately will receive a fresh new start today . there is no reason why you cannot create the perfect scenario in your career . work toward this perfect scenario instead of being satisfied with average . $ when you do not find the answer that you are looking for today , try not to get upset and lash out at everyone around you . trust that the answer will come . it may not come when you want it to , but you will have it when you truly need it . $ as usual , you are rooted in the center of a difficult conflict . your strong opinions have gotten you into a mess that you cannot seem to escape . you need to step away from the battlefield once in a while in order to compose yourself and think clearly . $ you are an all - or - nothing person . keep in mind that the rest of the world do not necessarily operate in this extreme manner . be patient with those who ride the fence and take the middle path . you both can learn from each other . $ the opposition you face has been scoring many points lately , and this is your day to retaliate with confidence . a tremendous wave of support is coming your way that will set the stage for your success . the tables have clearly turned in your favor . $ put plenty of items on your agenda today . you may bite off quite a bit , but this is fine - you have the ability to chew it all ! you will find that other people are cooperating beautifully with your plans . you are surrounded by tremendous support . $ you may have thought that you had someone under your thumb - right where you wanted him or her . today , however , you will find that this is not the case . this person is fighting back and he or she has every right to . be conscious of his or her needs . $ your tendency today will be to act without really thinking first . your movements will be hasty and uncalculated . this could most certainly lead to difficulty later on . be careful with your promises . you are on unstable ground . proceed with care . $ someone is likely to rub you the wrong way in a very aggressive manner . do not let this person get the better of you . he or she may come up with wild facts to use against you . do not be fooled . most likely these facts are closer to fiction than truth . $ remember that traditional ways of tackling a problem are often the best way to find the solution you are looking for . these methods have become a tradition for a reason - because they work . embrace an older methodology for the success you desire . $ a problem you thought had gone away is now resurfacing . to make matters worse , this problem has seemed to worsen since the last time it reared its ugly head . tackle this difficult issue once and for all instead of putting on the back burner again . $ conversations surrounding work will escalate into terrible arguments that may very well rage out of control . the other extreme is that people may become silent and withhold valuable information that they know you need . both are harmful . $ someone whom you work with and thought was on your side suddenly seems to be teaming up with the opposition . realize that not everything is as cut and dried as it may seem . the bottom line is that you are all on the same team . $ someone is giving you only half - truths and this is making it difficult for you to operate productively . you may have to consult many different people in order to get the full scoop on the situation . this time spent researching will be worth it . $ your instincts are right on target , so do not be afraid to vocalize what you know to be true . you are on the right track with regard to your work . move forward with great confidence . if you are looking for a job , this is a good time to interview . $ women are likely to be especially important resources for you today . listen to what they have to say and heed their advice . the women around you have insight into your personal situation that you may not even see yourself . listen carefully . $ pay attention to the media , including magazines and radio . an important piece of information will come your way via these types of channels that will help give you a brand - new perspective on your current career situation . listen carefully . $ clashes over who has the most power will be evident in your workplace today . even though the person in charge may carry the title of boss , he or she may not have the full scope on what actually goes on in the workplace . most likely , you know best . $ great change is at hand . trying to resist this change will only make your work more difficult for you and the people around you . hop on the bandwagon of new thought and cutting - edge ideas . otherwise , you may be in a very difficult spot later on . $ your ability to get to the core of the matter will be key to the success of the day . in order to solve the problem at hand , you will need to break larger pieces down into segments and examine the situation by looking at its individual parts . $ stay focused on what you know instead of trying to penetrate into areas that you do not know anything about . you are better off delegating tasks to those who are more efficient at these things than trying to reinvent every single wheel yourself . $ do not get upset at yourself today because you simply do not feel the normal drive and determination that you normally do . give yourself a break . this is a time for you to relax . be lazy for a change and let someone else do all the hard work . $ you are anxious to get a certain project underway but tremendous conflict exists with regard to how the project should get started . it is important for you to take extra time in these first stages . otherwise , you will regret your haste later on . $ you know that you are right , but even so , opposition seems to be coming in from all angles . do not let outside pressure turn you away from your own views of the truth . as long as you are being true to yourself , everything will work out for the best . $ the truth do not usually come with gimmicks or flashing lights . this is why it is a little bit harder to recognize . your tendency will be to move forward blindly with a project . instead you need to hold back and gather up more of the real truth . $ instead of trying to eliminate and focus , this is a day when you need to expand and include . be open to all possibilities . orchestrate a brainstorming session . gather many people with a wide range of viewpoints . the perfect answer will come . $ over the next four weeks , you can expect career matters to come to a critical turning point . plans you set into motion about six months ago are coming to fruition , for better or worse . now is the time to assess the situation and adjust . $ an equal amount of pushing and pulling is needed in order to achieve the success that you are looking for . your goals are most certainly attainable , and you have the support of others to make these goals come true . trust in yourself and others . $ old friction between you and a co - worker will ease today as you suddenly have more compassion for each other . a work - related event will bring you closer together and make you realize that you are both just humans who are capable of mistakes . $ there seems to be tension everywhere you turn . other peoples ' rigid ideas are standing in the way of your progress . this is not the best time for you to pressure people , or convince them of something they do not believe in . hang back in the wings . $ your unwillingness to consider other perspectives is holding you back in more ways than one . give other people more credit and consideration than you may normally do . an open mind is a much greater asset to you than you may realize . $ the difficulties you have experienced in the past couple of days will ease this afternoon . an unexpected knight in shining armor will rescue you from the mental confusion and gridlock that you have had with others . have faith that resolution is at hand . $ work - related negotiations will be difficult over the next three and a half weeks . friction will arise and it will be difficult for you to work out any sort of compromise . do not take anything personally . communication in general is off at this time . $ make sure you are being clear and honest with everyone around you . this is not the time to be hiding secrets . there is a great deal of work - related gossip and you will find that whatever you try to keep hidden will end up backfiring tremendously . $ stop trying to resurrect an old project or job that is no longer working for you . now is the time to start something new . do not be afraid to search for a new job . there is no sense in staying in a situation that is not completely fulfilling . $ this is a rough time of month for you in the career game , and today it is made worse by a superior who is breathing down your neck and demanding results . be flexible and accommodating instead of becoming stubborn and forceful . $ you will come into conflict with someone who is very rooted in his or her ways . keep in mind that not everything is as simple and rational as this person may suggest . there are unexpected factors that you both need to consider . $ you will have a great deal of energy to tackle projects , but unfortunately , your energy is not running very smoothly . there are glitches in your current plan that must be resolved before you attempt another step forward . remember - first things first . $ if a decision needs to be made , the answer is easy . go with the idea that shows the most originality . this is the standpoint that you should support . back this decision with great force . this is not a time to be vacillating or hesitant . $ you are wishing and waiting for someone to contact you . you wait desperately by the phone or the computer waiting for the news you want to hear . do not waste your day in this manner . either contact this person yourself or let it go . $ you are at a critical turning point in your career , and now someone is throwing you yet another curve ball . your response is to collect more information . instead , you need to cultivate wisdom in order to process the information you already have . $ good luck will follow you throughout the day . if someone offers a helping hand , do not be skeptical . be trustful . this is part of the good luck that you deserve . you 've earned this helping hand , thanks to all the helping hands you have given to others . $ you will get frustrated by someone who has a very rigid viewpoint of the situation at hand . this person is getting frustrated with you for the exact same reason . compassion and understanding will help soothe the tension more than aggression will . $ someone is coming down hard on you today . his or her words are much harsher than they need to be . most likely , this person is just trying to manipulate you in some way . do not become a victim of the situation . be sure to stand your ground . $ you are in one of those situations in which too many cooks spoil the batter . everyone wants to take control . everyone wants to get his or her two cents in . this is setting up a recipe for disaster . be patient with others and try to compromise . $ you are in a difficult situation . you are ready to take charge and move forward with a project , but you do not exactly have all the facts and information you need to back up all of your plans and ideas . keep things on the drawing board until you do . $ other people are likely to stand against you and speak their piece so that everyone around you can hear . this conflict is more about them showing off than it is about you , so do not take anything personally . any disagreement will be amplified . $ let the day take you where it wants to instead of feeling that you need to control every single move you make . you will go down the right path if you let go and roll with the punches . it may feel foreign at first but try to stay open - minded . $ your overall mood will be one of peace and calm , but other people are trying your patience . it seems that everyone wants to push your buttons , almost as if they do not want to see you calm and peaceful . they will do whatever they can to get you riled up . $ someone will pick a verbal fight with you . be careful with what you say . this person will take careful mental notes of every word you utter , and these words may come back to haunt you later on . be prepared to stand behind every word you say . $ this is a day of beginnings for you . start something that you have been meaning to start for quite a while . the universe is happy to support whatever new endeavor you strongly believe in . plant the seeds now and they will grow to fruition . $ you may still be operating under an older objective or pact you made to yourself a while ago . you must realize that what was true then may not be true anymore . this is a time for you to evaluate your situation and make a new pact with yourself . $ many times , it is extremely important for you to have the last word . during the next three weeks , you will find yourself in opposition with those who have completely different creative ideas than you do . let others have the last word for a change . $ you often work from an internal pressure that says you need to do everything faster , better , and more efficient than everyone else . give yourself a break and realize that there is no need to create this much stress for yourself at all times . $ being with others will give you tremendous satisfaction and gratification . others are supporting you and praising you for the hard work that you have been doing . others are willing to match your effort , making it easier for you to get your work done . $ pressure is coming in from all sides and you are caught in the middle . your tendency is to put the blame on others for one reason or another . this is not a healthy solution . take a look at yourself and realize that you got yourself into this mess . $ the last three weeks have been a time for reflection and review . now this period is over , and it is time to move forward with confidence , based on the realizations that you have had . your logical thinking is back on track - so feel free to proceed . $ the secret to dealing with stubborn and controlling attitudes is communication . the more secretive you become about your intentions and plans , the more rigid other people will be , making it difficult for you to break out of the bind you are in . $ your general mood improves a great deal today , and this will make it much easier for you to deal with the immature attitude of the people around you . naturally , you will be more patient , thereby opening the door to better relations all around . $ you are frustrated by the doors closing in your face , but do not be . these are messages from the universe steering you in the right direction . some things are not meant to be - accept this and move on . the right door will open at the right time . $ the information that you receive today is part of the truth , but it is not the complete truth . you will have to push and be aggressive in order to get the full story out of people . do not be satisfied with superficial chatter . get to the core of the matter . $ do not let your mind become overwhelmed with work related issues . it is not healthy for your work to have such a strong hold on everything you do - especially when you are away from the workplace . when you leave work , leave its burdens there . $ the roller coaster ride never comes to an end , no matter how hard you try to get off . no matter what you do , drama and extreme fluctuations always seem to follow you along your career path . accept this and enjoy it , instead of trying to fight it . $ someone is changing his tune today , and neither tune resonates with you in the slightest bit . by the end of the day , you will have reached a dramatic climax with this person and the sparks will fly . get ready for a difficult battle to ensue . $ having one major issue to deal with felt like enough , but now a second and a third pressing matter comes to your attention . when it rains , it pours , and today it is most certainly pouring . do your best to not overreact but to instead stay calm . $ if working at the office , pack an extra big lunch for work . if working at home , make sure you treat yourself to a big takeout lunch . food will help soothe your emotions and calm your frustration . disregard any rules you may have about dieting . eat what you want . $ getting a straight answer out of anyone will not be easy . people have many different escape routes that they will try in order to hide from you . you might as well just give up for the day and deal with these issues another time . $ you can brush away weighty work issues with ease . there is a lighthearted flow to the day that is helping you to let go of the intensity of the workweek . even if you find yourself at work today , take it easy and keep it light . $ do not burden the people around you with endless stories , stresses , and gossip from work . if this is your day off , then enjoy it and do not spoil it for yourself or the others around you . if you are at work , take it in stride and do not succumb to stress . $ nothing can stop you . you are a steamroller plowing through your day with great force and conviction . whatever you need is at your fingertips , whether you realize it or not . suddenly , everything you have been working on is falling neatly into place . $ you know you are right about something , but you cannot seem to convince other people of this . your words are not coming out the way you need them to . it seems that you are coming across as being harsh , aggressive , and very stubborn . $ presentation is everything - especially today . the person with the best idea is not necessarily the winner . the person who presents his or her idea most eloquently and clearly will most certainly be . be creative in your approach with others . $ when relations and situations get difficult , you are likely to enter panic mode and start making rash and hasty decisions . be careful because this sort of reckless action will only get you into deeper trouble . consult others before acting . $ hold your ground . some people will say that you are being too conservative while others will claim that you are too radical . this just goes to show that everything is relative . everyone has an opinion . stand strong beside yours and do not waiver . $ if you are away from the workplace , take this time to step back and look at long - term trends . you will have a unique perspective today that you do not normally have when you are in the throes of your daily routine . insight will come . $ you feel that others are skirting the issues and not really dealing with things head - on . this is most certainly the case . whether you are at work or not , your mind is mentally dealing with how you are going to deal with this during the week ahead . $ your detective powers will come in handy as you sort through the rhetoric that is coming at you from all angles . take control of a situation that is floundering because of lack of direction . the energy is there . it just needs to be focused . $ if you have a specific task that requires you to do something with passion , now is the time to do it . more than ever , you have an all - or - nothing attitude that will help you persevere with great strength and conviction until the job is done . $ tension is building and you sense that a fight is about to break out . instead of walking away , you want to jump into the ring . ask yourself if the risks are truly worth the rewards . ask how these issues can be resolved in a more appropriate manner . $ you will be mellower than usual today , and your normal intensive drive may feel a bit watered down . this is fine . do not fight it . taking a more easy - going approach will help you relate to others and get the respect from others that you desire . $ there is a small idea or problem that is rattling around in your head that you just cannot seem to shake . the more you focus on it , the more it drives you crazy . try to keep it in perspective . this is a pattern that will reoccur for the next two weeks . $ helping others is key to ultimately helping yourself . do good deeds . take time out to assist others without asking for anything in return . the good karma you build for yourself through this process will be extremely valuable in the weeks to come . $ your entrepreneurial spirit is quite strong whether or not you are actually on the job . everything you look at has the potential to become a new business opportunity . every person you meet is a potential resource for your career and long - term success . $ the information that comes your way is not to your liking , but this do not mean you have to sulk about it for the rest of the workday . instead , you need to be more open - minded and accepting . integrate these new ideas instead of rejecting them . $ you feel like you are on the home stretch with something big . momentum on this project picks up and you will feel a constant , yet subtle , upward moving trend for the next couple of months . you have the energy you need to tackle anything . $ you are in a great position to make a big move in the workplace . if you are tired of the job you are currently at , then let it go because something better is waiting for you right around the corner . have faith that the universe will support you now . $ nothing will make sense to you . making heads or tails of the current situation will not be easy . this is the way it is , so do not get frustrated by this . simply accept it and move on as best you can . there is no need to pout over what you cannot change . $ do not try to navigate through the fog . instead , you should wait until things are clear before moving forward . directions from others will cause you to take a wrong turn . wait until the sun shines through and you will know the right road to take . $ a four - week trend begins today that you can most certainly benefit from . in general , you are coming into a high point in your career . more opportunities will be available to you now . overall , you can expect things to be running smoothly . $ you 're tired of other people bragging about their jobs . you 're in no mood to put up with sheer arrogance today , and there is no need to pretend that you are . politely say that you are simply not interested in any such conversation log off or hang up . $ make sure your warrior energy is in check . feel free to use your tremendous physical strength today but be sure that it 's directed and focused on something positive , useful , and healthy . energy sent in negative directions will backfire . $ you 've reached a turning point at which you can now evaluate your progress during the last couple of weeks . other people 's criticism or praise is helping you to figure out if you should make a shift or keep on the same trajectory . be open to this advice . $ you feel the confidence and physical energy to accomplish whatever you have on your plate today . overall , this puts you in a wonderful position to make tremendous strides in your work even while sheltering in place . do not be afraid of anything - but do be safe ! $ you will be tempted to tune other people out since no one seems to be on your wavelength . this is not exactly the case . amongst the gibberish , there is a great deal of unexpected wisdom . it is best that you keep at least one ear open at all times . $ do not try to pretend that you are someone you are not or that you know something that you do not . you may be tempted to get yourself into a conversation that you simply know nothing about . admit that this is the case instead of pretending . $ someone is likely to back you into a corner and you will not like it one bit ! in fact , you are likely to become quite irate . you are not impressed with the person who is doing this , but unfortunately , there is very little you can do to prevent it . $ difficult communication will ease , and you will find that you relate much better with the people you interact with . this wonderful trend will continue for the next few weeks , so take advantage of this time . your intuitive abilities will be extra strong . $ you are able to work quite well with the structure that is currently in place . all signs point to a very productive day for you . what was not working very well for you last week is now going quite smoothly with very little effort on your part . $ a feeling of adventurousness might cause you to want to get in the car today and take off . responsibilities toward work might keep you from doing it . if you can maintain your focus now to complete what is at hand quickly , there 's nothing to stop you from making plans for a nice weekend later . $ if you have loaned someone money recently , some of it could be returned to you today . or if you did someone you work with an important favor , they could express their gratitude to you and offer a return . do not be afraid to ask for help if you need it . $ it seems that everyone is putting his or her work on to you . you are getting all the jobs that no one else wants to do . keep your chin up . do your work with a smile and do not worry . your work now will lead to bigger and better things down the road . $ for the next weeks , you will be feeling as if you are falling just a bit short of where you would like to be . other people are not helping you very much - in short , you will not getting the support that you think you deserve . hang in there . $ you are in a playful and upbeat mood , but keep in mind that not everyone is feeling this energy . be sensitive to those who are feeling a bit down in the dumps . insensitivity toward others is likely to be the root of a very difficult confrontation . $ you are happy to share ideas that you normally keep to yourself . there is a streak you have that is very independent . today , however , you are happy to partner up with someone and bounce ideas off him or her . this is the right course of action . $ everything is working in your favor . put aside long - term difficulties that you are experiencing and concentrate on the present . there is great potential for you in the current situation you are in . now is the time for you to expand , not contract . $ try not to be too much of a pushover , because thanks to the energy of the day , you will indeed get pushed over . if you give people an inch , they will most certainly take a mile . be prepared to stand your ground when push comes to shove . $ you need to give up in order to gain . make compromises so that you can get ahead in other areas . now is a time for you to streamline instead of trying to tackle every single thing at once . focus in on what is most important and let other things go . $ you are giving birth to a new idea or project . you are well supported . do not resist this new path . it will bring you a great deal of happiness and success in the long run . your energy is quite strong at this time . have complete faith in yourself . $ gracefully accept all change . you are in a very harmonious position right now , so take advantage of this time . the universe is supporting your efforts . stay balanced despite the incredible transformation all around you . this is a very exciting time . $ this is a time of transformation for you . usually it is hard for you to stay practical and grounded but doing so is key . embrace the side of your personality that calls for planning and concentration . you need these skills since change is at hand . $ it is quite obvious that you need to put in sheer , hard work in order to get what you want . one thing that may not be quite so obvious , however , is faith . do not forget to have faith that what you are working on will be successful and profitable . $ make sure that you are not sacrificing yourself for your work . it is easy for you to become so wrapped up in your work that you forget about the other aspects of your life . there are other important things to consider . remember that balance is key . $ you will make a terrific new friend related to your job in some way . this valuable resource will be more important to you than you realize . this person is a little strange and awkward , but overall , he or she has valuable information that you can benefit from . $ the resources that you are looking for will be hard to come by . the more you search , the less you find . the more you push , the more others will resist . you are better off just sitting back and waiting to see what comes to you on its own . $ other people need your support in order to feel secure and confident . do not abandon them in their time of need . someday soon they will return the favor and you will be incredibly grateful . now is a time of giving and having compassion for others . $ contemplate your situation in a new way . look at the past year and ask yourself what you have accomplished . have you met the goals that you have set for yourself ? maybe you have not even set any goals . assess now in order to prepare for the future . $ your confidence is strong , and your emotional state is powerful and confident . apply this wonderful attitude to work - related issues whether you find yourself at work today or not . the breakthroughs that come to you today are extremely valuable . $ you are drawn toward something new . your thirst for knowledge is quite great . this is your time to research further schooling or an apprenticeship of some kind . you want to know more . fulfill this inner need before it consumes you . $ plan ahead ! mull things over in your mind before you take the first steps . ask yourself how the day is going to unfold . play the movie in your head , asking yourself what is going to come after scene one , then scene two , etc . pitfalls can be avoided . $ mundane , routine , boring things have no appeal to you whatsoever . today is one of those days , however , where you must embrace these kinds of issues and deal with them . get back to the basis . find your grounding . take care of the foundation . $ you have much to look forward to over the next four weeks ! today marks the beginning of this wonderful period during which you will accomplish a great deal in your career sector . huge strides will be made , and you will even amaze yourself . $ you are frustrated by the hand that you have been dealt . it is not a very good one . it is hard for you to make a good play with the meager cards you have been given . do your best and do it with a smile . do not put any great pressure on yourself . $ you will be bouncing off the walls all day . as soon as you think a project or task is done , a new variable springs up and shows you that this is not the case . there is more work to be done . take care of details as they come up . do not wait for later . $ intense issues will play a significant part in your day . themes revolving around birth , death , and transformation will rise to the surface . apply these ideas to your career path and see what you come up with . this is a time of great change . $ surround yourself with good , uplifting music that you love . a soothing tune will ease your spirits and make you think more clearly about what your needs are and what your ultimate career goals are . think on the larger scale . music will help . $ there is nothing worse for you than to get stuck in a rut . right now , it is possible that you are indeed stuck because you feel comfortable there . you feel stability there . do not get trapped . take a risk and move on to the next level . $ you know that you are fully qualified for the job . perhaps you are actually over - qualified for that type of work . are you really working up to your true potential ? if not , make sure you take some steps to find a new job or continue your education . $ let an old idea die . you may be working on a premise that is outdated or outmoded . let go of this idea and find something new . ask someone else for his or her opinion on the matter . a fresh perspective will do you good . do not be afraid to reach out . $ you are likely to get so bogged down with work today that you get overwhelmed . you may not even realize it , but deep down , difficult emotions are welling up inside you . by the time the end of the day rolls around , you may be an emotional wreck . $ embrace any opportunities you may have today to work alone . you will be most efficient and productive when you are able to concentrate on your own tasks at hand . you have all the tools you need right in front of you . $ you have a great deal of energy today but be careful with it . there is a danger for your ideas to be misguided or misdirected in some way . do not make any major changes in plans until you have consulted several others in your field . $ normally you like to throw caution to the wind and let your good luck pull you through with regard to any new work plan . today is the day to do the opposite . take a more reserved approach and make sure you have a backup plan or two . $ tension is building today from all angles and you feel yourself caught in the middle of it . keep in mind that most of this difficulty stems from maintaining a balance between facts and fantasy . know which is which and you will come out on top . $ you are in a good position to make major moves with regard to your career today . you will find that the people around you are being extra supportive of your dreams , so do not hesitate to dream big . you will succeed in what you set your mind to . $ everything is going your way today so do not waste the day boasting about it - use today 's energy to your advantage . push the envelope . you will achieve whatever goal you put your mind to . unwavering good luck will see you through to success . $ you will feel the annoying pull of reality telling you to be more practical with your ideas . today this is not a bad idea . you will be surprised at what you find when you take the time to be more realistic and think through an idea to its conclusion . $ your productivity level will skyrocket today - surprising even you . the secret of your success is to not get distracted by funny emails , social media or texts from friends . do not let innocent conversation turn into two - hour distractions from your work . $ do not worry about staying grounded or being practical while you work today . even if you try , you will not be very successful . you are better off focusing your energy on your wild , brilliant , and unique ideas . they will get you far today . $ nasty rumors about you are being passed around among your co - workers that are making it difficult for you to be effective in the workplace . do your best to resolve the situation calmly and diplomatically without escalating the drama even further . $ you are starting to see the light on a problem that you have been wrestling with in association with your career . long - term goals that seemed impossible are now within your reach . pay attention to what others say today . the answer is there . $ truth is being withheld from you and there is nothing that you hate more than not knowing the truth . work situations could get ugly in the today so be prepared to go into battle with your head held high . a great deal is at stake so be careful . $ your work seems like drudgery today - even more than usual . you will feel uncomfortably chained to a situation that simply do not resonate with you . do not be too rash and suddenly decide to quit . this is just a passing phase that will soon end . $ you are likely to get bogged down in an emotional drama while working today that you simply have nothing to do with . do your best to stay above this conflict by keeping your focus on your own work and your own needs . rely on only yourself . $ you have tremendous influence over others today . use this to your advantage . you have the ability to build a good team of solid workers among your peers . feel free to delegate tasks . you can accomplish much more than you thought possible . $ you are in good favor with the people you communicate with today . your tremendous good luck has pulled through once again and you will find yourself standing in the right place at the right time . your preparation is finally meeting up with opportunity . $ team - members you work with will give you the boost you need today to get your work to the level it needs to be at . ask advice from others but do not be afraid to go out on your own . working independently will be quite rewarding for you today . $ you have brilliant ideas and power behind them . now all you need is the discipline and the grounding to manifest your dreams on this plane . use this energy to take the important steps necessary to bring these dreams into reality . focus , plan , and organize . $ your forward - thinking ideas are good , but they need to be refined . seek the advice of others . do things with a partner . there is no need to re - invent the wheel , especially when you have the resources at your fingertips to meet your goals with ease . $ the brave and somewhat reckless tactic you may have taken with a project lately is starting to backfire . now you are seeing the results of your immature approach . compensate by taking some time to deal with the cold hard reality of the situation . $ trying to make light of a sticky situation will not be easy today . other people are more emotionally entangled than usual . co - workers will snap without any notice whatsoever . tread lightly and try to stay out of trouble . $ overall , you are operating through a very discouraging time with regard to your career , and it may be difficult for you to keep your chin up through it all . go easy on yourself instead of expecting too much . your time will come . be patient . $ a goal that you set for yourself about three months ago is being met with difficult opposition . do not throw in the towel quite yet . instead , use this difficult time to modify your plan and come up with a more realistic approach to your dream . $ financial matters are in your favor . this is a good time to ask for a raise or a promotion . it would not hurt to buy a lottery ticket after work either . your luck is quite strong , and you have the opportunity to benefit from this luck monetarily . $ take a more conservative approach to your work and all career matters today . you will gain more respect from peers and employers when you reveal your steady , grounded , and practical side . there is no need for bells and whistles . just hard work . $ working with others will prove to be extremely rewarding today . join a team of forward - thinkers who are not afraid to express their radical ideas . this is how positive change is achieved . you have the potential to make great strides under their influence . $ make sure you slow down and consider all of your options before making your final decision . your tendency will be to make a snap decision today that is likely to backfire later on down the road . consult others before making your big move . $ feel free to break from your normal routine today . this is a good time to experiment . you may discover that a new procedure is actually more effective than your usual one . be patient with others who may not catch on as quickly as you do . $ do not be a pushover today . make sure you stand up for yourself when you know that someone is trying to hand you the short end of the stick . be sure that you are getting fair pay and fair recognition for your services and hard work . $ just because you are uncertain of the future do not mean that you need to be scared of it . indecision about how to proceed may cripple you today . remember to act out of faith and not from fear . in this way , you will be led down the path to success . $ your mind is opening up to a new idea today , so let it . encourage your imagination to explore the possibilities without the nagging little voices that say you should do this or should not do that . be aggressive and think beyond the normal realms . $ your spunk and enlivening personality will win you big points today . do not be afraid of letting your true self shine . doing so will earn you great favor with your employers or potential employers . a high - energy approach is best . it will come naturally . $ you are the important piece of the puzzle today . you will find that effectiveness in the workplaces increases several fold once you put your energy into the group . put your two cents in when you know that something could be done a better way . $ you are the important piece of the puzzle today . you will find that effectiveness in the workplaces increases several fold once you put your energy into the group . put your two cents in when you know that something could be done a better way . $ you can make terrific progress in your work today by cashing in on one of your many ideas . do this by homing in on what is most important to you and presenting it in a concrete , stable , and grounded manner . a loose - knit proposal will not fly . $ your ability to relate to other people on a truthful , honest level is a key part of your success - especially today . there are many charlatans at work all around you . if you can stand out as being one who sticks firmly by the truth , you will prosper . $ you will reach a point of frustration today , as more and more ideas come your way . the problem is that you are likely to get overwhelmed too quickly . take a step back from your work and gain perspective , instead of getting bogged down in confusion . $ you are feeling a bit discombobulated and out of sorts with the environment . something you say to one person is likely to have a negative effect on someone else . try not to say anything if you can help it . keep your opinions to yourself . $ something that you had invested much hope and many resources in is suddenly meeting with opposition from all angles . there is no need to jump ship at this point . adjust your course , but do not give up just because the waters have become rough . $ break away from the normal routine . get out of the rut that you normally fall into on a normal working day . change your surroundings . move your desk around . do something different . doing so is your key to a surge of creative energy in the workplace . $ break things down with co - workers who can help you see the flaws in your plan . it is time for you to make a significant change in your career , but this can only happen by utilizing the wisdom of others . you are not likely to see this change yourself . $ this is one of those days in which it really comes down to not what you know but who you know . be aware that connections with other people are your most valuable assets today . keep your phone book handy . make calls when you need to . $ a pushy co - worker may seem like a threat to you , but on closer examination , you will see that if you work together with this person , you will actually accomplish quite a bit . there is no need to view others as enemies when they are really allies . $ someone will give you an important piece of information today . double check facts before you automatically trust what this person has told you . the information will be tainted , so be careful of what you consider truth . the lines may be blurred . $ get your work done early today . get up an extra hour or two before you normally do and take advantage of this valuable time . you will be much more productive in these early morning hours . when the afternoon hits , so will the laziness . $ a situation has come to a dramatic climax and great tension exists . do not deny your involvement in the difficult situation that has been created . acknowledge your part of the greater whole and work to create better harmony with everyone involved . $ the opportunity you have been waiting for will come your way today , so be on the lookout for it . keep in mind that this good fortune may not come with any major bells and whistles . it will be subtle - so keep your eyes and ears open at all times . $ you may get quite frustrated with others since everyone else seems to be taking themselves too seriously today . at the same time , people are getting frustrated at you for having such a light - hearted approach . do your best to find middle ground . $ a burst of much - needed energy comes your way and you will find yourself in a good position to make the necessary advances in the workplace . do not underestimate your powers of persuasion . you have more power than you think - so use it wisely . $ you have the recipe for success so apply it . pick one idea instead of ten and move forward with it . you have the potential to make tremendous strides in your career today , so take advantage of this energy and go for it . nothing stands in your way . $ the pace of your work has been so fast and furious lately that you may have skipped over a very important detail or opportunity . just because yesterday is over do not mean that you cannot benefit from revisiting some of its valuable ideas and people . $ you may get bogged down in work that do not exactly appeal to you today . try to delegate as much as you can to people who can do this work more efficiently than you can . there is no sense in fighting an uphill battle . your time is too valuable . $ calculated risks are key to your success today . you have the potential to do extremely well for yourself . do not underestimate your good luck . you operate under a very lucky star and this luck has the potential to bring tremendous fortune your way . $ skirting around the issues today will not get you where you want to go . you are better off facing the music . when you do so , you will actually find that they are playing your tune . opportunities in the business world are picking up for you . $ your ideas are being fueled from all sides today . support is coming from all over . you are in a terrific position to move ahead with your plans , so go ahead and take action . if you are hoping to go out on your own , now is the time to do so . $ your timing is perfect today so do not rush , yet do not lag behind . most likely , the less you think about the sort of pace you need to keep up , the more in sync you will be with the people around you . luck will come naturally when you go with the flow . $ a wonderful idea that comes to you in the morning may get a bit too watered down by the time the afternoon rolls around . go with your first instinct instead of doubting , modifying , and downgrading this idea until it no longer makes any sense . $ you may be frustrated by a lack of energy combined with mental confusion . do not worry . instead , embrace the gifts that come when you take a break , let your mind become still , and listen to your instincts . slow down , and success will come naturally . $ take a short trip today . if you have any work to take care of in a town or city nearby , this is the day to get it done . break out of your normal routine and embrace a change in scenery . doing so will make you extremely productive . $ feel free to take on the role of the pioneer . move with bravery into uncharted territory . act out of faith instead of fear and you will be supported and rewarded for your efforts . if someone needs a new and innovative idea , you have it . $ your thinking is right on target , but your concentration leaves quite a bit to be desired . your ideas are good , but your application of them is not so good . do your best to focus and implement your good ideas and you will be tremendously successful . $ you will skip over an important detail if you are not careful . take your time . you may have to slow down , but this is fine . slow and steady really does win the race today , so move with caution and check all the road signs twice before you proceed . $ a radical shift in energy makes you feel like your efforts are actually getting you somewhere . you are not just a hamster on a wheel . you are a prosperous , successful , and extremely lucky individual who is on his or her way up in the world . $ information will revolve around the truth today - something that definitely works in your favor . you are a champion of the truth , and this quality will win you big points with others . do not be afraid to flaunt this fact to people in your workplace . $ sorting out truth from fantasy may not be especially easy today , since both aspects seem to be intertwined in the new information that is coming your way . ask questions before you operate on the assumption that all the facts you encounter are truth . $ someone who has a rather shortsighted approach on the issue at hand is creating problems for you . beware of those who oppose you just because they do not understand . there is no reason for you to get bent out of shape because of someone else 's error . $ an important conversation with someone is not likely to be very clear today . everything you say seems to be misinterpreted . do not make any formal agreements without getting anything in writing . otherwise , you will be in trouble later on down the road . $ focus on larger trends instead of getting caught up in the daily ups and downs . work - related gossip and petty ideas are likely to get you down if you let them . do not be so susceptible to these passing trends . turn your attention to something greater . $ a friend or business partner gives you a boost of confidence that inspires you to move forward on a large project . take this inspiration as a major sign from the universe that you should delay no longer . a venture begun now will certainly flourish . $ feel free to make important executive decisions even though you are not necessarily in the executive 's chair . your judgment is sound , and you are well liked and respected by the people around you . use this to your advantage and you will be rewarded . $ this an extremely favorable time for you - a time in which you can make great strides in whatever you are currently working on . you have the tools you need to make great progress . on a day like today you even have the motivation to use them ! $ work to find the pitfalls in your current plan . play the part of the devil 's advocate . usually you are so focused on the bright side that you fail to see the dark side . do not be short sighted . prepare for the worst while hoping for the best . $ your overall plan is much greater and more expansive than those of the people around you . as a result , do not get slowed down by the people who are not thinking on the same level that you are . stay focused on your largest goals and dreams . $ team up with someone you work with instead of trying to do everything by yourself . having someone by your side will make the day go by much more quickly and smoothly . furthermore , you will be twice as efficient as you would be working alone . $ you have the perfect amount of ambition and courage , combined with good relations with others , to be extremely effective at work today . both these fantastic talents will be recognized and highlighted , so do not be afraid to show them off . $ listen to what other people have to say whether you agree with them or not . your fanciful and optimistic mind may not like the reality check coming from others , but trust that it is for your own good . you stand to benefit a great deal . $ this is a fantastic time of year for you to move forward with yearly goals that you established around the time of your birthday . huge leaps are possible for you right now . taking the time to plan and review is key , as opposed to just acting blindly . $ your high energy and good - natured spirit are in high demand . people will be open to your viewpoints and willing to give your expansive perspective a try . even if your idea is a shot in the dark , there is a very good chance it will succeed . $ the overall exuberance and forward drive you felt over the past four weeks shifts in a new direction today , marking the start of a new four - week phase in our yearly cycle . for you , this means slowing down instead of speeding up . be more calculating . $ consider taking an online drawing or writing class . do something to get your creative juices flowing . the more you can infuse this imaginative spirit into your work over the next few weeks , the better off you will be . start now with simple doodles on a pad . $ gears have switched . you are suddenly in a different place today than you were in yesterday . you are in a better place now - a more confident place . the actions you take will be much better supported by the people and events around you . $ there is an opportunity opening up in which you can explore more freedom in the workplace . your ideas are blending well with others , and those around you respect your innovative and boundless approach . you will go further than you expect . $ now is the time to explore your creative ideas and desires . make sure you are in a position that allows you to expand and grow . stagnation is like death for you . if boredom sinks in with your job , then you know it is time to find something else . $ someone else 's scattered and haphazard approach will create friction for you during the morning . conflict with this person will be quite difficult to handle on all levels . try not to make too much of a big deal out of it . let it go and move on . $ leave extra time to get to work in the morning . for the next three and a half weeks , the planets will not look favorably on short - range travel . be prepared . make sure you have working jumper cables handy . you or someone you know will need them . $ an authority figure will come down hard on you today because of your dreamy nature . your head will be in the clouds and someone in power wants to bring you back down to earth as quickly as possible . he or she may do so with a slap on the wrist . $ you are well positioned to be a pioneer . embrace your wonderful adventuresome spirit and put it to work in an area of work or study that you feel passionate about . turn over a new leaf . you will be pleasantly surprised at the results . $ you can ride the wave of good luck and good fortune today , but only if you are able to disregard those who continue to have a negative attitude about your situation . do not concern yourself with their unhealthy and shortsighted perspective . $ you are likely to be quite frustrated with events regarding work . nothing you are doing seems to remedy the situation , making you even more annoyed with the people and circumstances around you . relax and do not worry . the situation will improve . $ relating to others will be difficult . you may have to spell things out letter by letter . take nothing for granted . other people will not be able to understand the abstract concepts that you present . be patient and practical in your communication . $ if you need to make an impression on someone , do not worry . initial communications will go extremely well . other people will have no trouble seeing you for the fun - loving , intelligent , and open - minded thinker that you are . you are in good standing . $ the events of the day will be very frustrating to you , but this does not mean that you have to get upset or angry . remember that although you may not be able to change a situation , you can at least change your reaction to the situation . $ whenever you have doubts or frustrations about your current situation , stop and take stock of what you have . be thankful for the gifts that have been given to you instead of wishing for things that you do not have . you have more than you realize . $ ease into the week slowly . now is not the time to make any sudden moves or major decisions . you may still be in a rather languid and lazy mood thanks to the weekend . pace yourself instead of breaking your back as soon as you 've begun . $ your optimistic speculation is useful in some instances , but it will do you more harm than good on a day like today . solid facts and hard evidence are needed . fanciful ideas will lead you and the people around you in the wrong direction . $ you will meet up with a very important partner . this is the support that you have been looking for . this person is a benefactor of some sort . together , the two of you can work magic that you could have never done by working alone . think big . $ help elevate others to a higher status instead of looking down on them . do not be judgmental . if someone is unsure of how to proceed , take time out of your day to give him or her sound advice . these good deeds will have significant payback later on . $ undercurrents of frustration will permeate the day and there is very little you can really do to remedy this . most of this tension stems from the fact that others are not willing to change the way you are . encourage others to be more trusting . $ overall , you will feel especially strong , setting the stage for tremendous success in the workplace . you are at a particularly high point with no reason to be afraid of falling . if you want to take a step upward , now is the time to do so . $ if you are in doubt about a certain issue , do some research . visit your local library and renew your library card . search reference books and ask around for local resources that may be helpful in your quest for this particular knowledge . $ you are getting frustrated with other people 's antiquated thinking . introduce new ideas at work and emphasize the overall efficiency that these ideas will create . anything that will create harmony will be very much appreciated . $ you are fired up . other people had best move aside because you are on the move and you are getting things done . you may feel a bit frazzled since you have so much energy to burn , but overall you are feeling good and moving with great confidence . $ a missing piece of the puzzle reveals itself and you suddenly discover that you have been barking up the wrong tree . you easily bounce back and re - focus your attention where it needs to be in order to come out of this sticky situation on top . $ your dreams are important to you and right now you are frustrated because these dreams seem to be standing still . they may even be moving backward . do not get down on yourself for this . realize that this backward movement is part of the process . $ your general mood is extremely upbeat and positive , and even though others will try to shake this mood , you will stay strong . other people have a very fanciful idea of the truth that does not match your understanding . herein lies the friction . $ you are feeling super - charged in all ways . there is a greater force behind everything you do and everything you say . you can accomplish a great deal , so stay on track and go after the things that matter most . you are fully supported at this time . $ you are feeling outside pressure that tells you should conform to a certain way of thinking or method of working . perhaps you are starting to lose confidence in yourself because of this outside pressure . do not . instead , flaunt your unique style . $ there is a very expansive feeling to the day and whatever idea you have will be multiplied or amplified in some way . this is fine , but make sure you verify your intentions with others before moving forward recklessly . check in before you proceed . $ for the past several weeks , you have received misinformation on something that is important to you and vital to your success in the workplace . thanks to the cosmos clearing up , the truth is revealed and you are able to work with it constructively . $ today marks the start of a four - week cycle in which you will be either reaping the rewards or realizing your failures . this is a very climactic period for you , so get ready for major evaluation and change . $ the day starts out on a rather sour note for you and unfortunately , it is only going to get worse . it is important that you nip small problems in the bud . otherwise they will fester and get much more difficult to deal with in the afternoon . $ work with what resonates with you instead of letting someone else talk you into a situation that is not healthy for you to be in . listen to your instincts instead of getting pushed around by people who claim that they know what is best for you . $ unexpected opposition will come to you in waves . your defenses are already weakened by the climactic point you are at in your career . the last thing you need is extra aggression from others . unfortunately , you are going to get it - so be prepared . $ many ideas will come your way and you will come up with big schemes of how you should change jobs and start a new business , get degrees in something new , and save the world at the same time . it 's certainly okay to dream in this manner . $ you are likely to get a nice pat on the back from someone who recognizes and appreciates your hard work . you are on top of the world today and as a result , it is not a bad time to ask for a raise or a promotion . others know that you deserve it . $ your flexible and adaptable nature will be a key asset . other people are being very stubborn , but you have the power to loosen them up and help them see the humor in the situation . you can help open their eyes to a wider perspective . doing so is key . $ you are good at the idea end of things , but now is the time to deal with the reality end of things . it is essential that you are practical and stable so that you can actually manifest the dreams that you have been dreaming for so long . $ you may not be feeling like yourself and others will question what is wrong with you . do not pretend that everything is okay when clearly , it is not . be honest so that people can help you in the areas where you need extra support and encouragement . $ this is a very intense time of month for you , so do not beat yourself up if you are not feeling your strongest . it is natural for you to reach a low point during this time . it is simply part of the natural cycle of things . deal with it the best you can . $ you hope to find escape from the difficult issues you 've been dealing with . unfortunately , however , the level of intensity continues - only the people and the setting change a bit . try to maintain your sense of humor . $ even though this may be your day of rest from work , mentally , it may not feel like a day of rest at all . your head is spinning with ideas . see a movie with someone . escape from reality for a while . you are in no mood to concentrate or think clearly . $ the week is off to a slow start and you are having a hard time getting into the rhythm of the day . nothing you say seems to come out right and you feel like you are not in sync with the people around you . do not worry . this is just a passing phase . $ before you tell other people how to proceed , make sure you know whom you are dealing with . the person you are talking to may be more experienced than you are and he or she is likely to get insulted by your presumptuous nature . be careful . $ a difficult situation eases thanks to the help of someone who comes up with a creative solution to the very problem that you are wrestling with . this idea may seem far - fetched at first , but upon closer examination , you will see the potential in it . $ your counsel to others will be extremely valuable to them . you have a very elevated and broad perspective on the issue , and this is exactly what others need . the trick now is for you to be able to counsel yourself and follow your own good advice . $ this is your day to get organized . gather up all the scattered pieces of your life and put them in proper order . develop systems to make your job more efficient . the days to follow will go much more smoothly if you take the time now to consolidate . $ do not jump the gun on a long - term trend that you have been following . during the next few weeks , this trend will be moving backwards instead of forwards . wait until things start moving forward again before you commit fully to this new enterprise . $ as the day wears on , you will feel more and more social . you will long to be surrounded by good company . get your fill in now before the workweek gets underway . if you do have to go to work today , the company of others will get you through . $ you are in direct conflict with someone and there is simply no way to avoid it . this person is talking at you in circles , in an effort to confuse you in some way . do not be fooled , and do not get thrown off track . stick to the matter at hand . $ while you are desperately trying to cheer everyone else up , it seems as if everyone else is trying to pull you down . there is an emotional weight to the day that is making it difficult for you to stay on the sunny side of the street . do your best . $ be careful of how you present an idea or concept to other people . your innocent suggestion could easily be interpreted as mutiny , aggression , or insubordination . in short , things are likely to get blown way out of proportion - so be careful . $ you are at a starting point . this is the time to make a resolution to yourself to take a new step in your journey up the ladder . look for signs all around you . subtle messages from the universe are helping to point the way . be receptive to them . $ mental combat of some sort is likely to be a common theme for the next couple weeks . other people do not agree with you and they are not afraid to tell you and the rest of the world that this is the case . you will find yourself in a defensive position . $ your spirited nature is highlighted even though you are moving through a rather rough period overall . being able to maintain a sense of humor about everything , including your work situation , is especially important thought this difficult time . $ you sense that others are taking on a more serious tone even though you may not be at work . the people you are with cannot seem to loosen up , and this is bringing you down . you do not want to get weighed down on a day when you are playing . $ you will team up with other independent workers and share your experiences . you have each been working on your own separate projects , but now you need to share your progress with each other and present what you have learned and developed . $ a tremendous restlessness is brewing within you . unfortunately , this one will be difficult to shake - especially during the next two months . your energy is scattered and haphazard . when in doubt , follow your intuition . it will save you . $ you will become quite frustrated by a lack of action in the workplace . you are waiting for a bold move to be made , but it never comes . hold on and be patient . it will . now is not the time to jump the gun in any way . you need more information first . $ do not try to turn everything into a larger issue than it has to be . things are likely to get blown way out of proportion today if you are not careful . words are easily misunderstood , and people are more sensitive than usual . use tact at all times . $ abundance is all around you . maybe it is time to say goodbye to old , outdated ideas so that you can embrace this new , abundant energy . be decisive and take your time . excess baggage will bring you down in the future . streamline now for best results . $ playing mr . nice guy ms . nice gal at work gets you far , but it may not be getting you quite as far as you truly would like to go . you would like to strive for something more - something bigger . use the next four weeks to evaluate your approach . $ whether you 're seeing faces on your screen or constantly messaging your co - workers , you feel that you 're in a strong community of others . this is making the day extremely fulfilling . a sense of family is strong within this team , so have fun and enjoy it . $ communication with others can bring you to exactly where you need to be . opportunity awaits , and you 'll find this opportunity when you share your experiences , your knowledge , your desires , and your fears with the people who hear your voice and read your messages . $ be more critical of your own ideas . yes , it 's hard to do when working in isolation , but many times you get so caught up in the excitement of new ideas being born that you 're unable to sort the reality from the fantasy . today 's energy will help you make this distinction . $ someone you thought was your friend and ally will say something that starts your blood boiling . your automatic reaction is to write this person off forever . look at the situation with a different perspective . this person is actually doing you a favor . $ your mood is not especially strong so do not pretend that it is . there is no sense in fooling others into thinking that you are feeling okay when you are not . you need extra emotional support , so do not be afraid to ask for it . others owe it to you . $ since you are such an honest person , you expect others to be honest as well . unfortunately , this is not always the case - especially today . it seems that you cannot always trust the people around you . be on guard . you may get swindled if you are not . $ use what you know instead of making up things that you do not know . someone 's mental banter is quite ferocious , but this does not mean that you should tune this person out or pretend that you know better . be honest and open to a new perspective . $ for the next few weeks , you need to be more mindful with how you use your words . other people will be more sensitive than usual and as a result they will be more easily hurt . take this into consideration during all your conversations with others . $ other people 's heavy emotional drama will pull you down . even your own personal issues will permeate into your workplace , making it difficult for you to concentrate on anything but your home life . do your best to keep these issues separate from work . $ you 've probably been extremely busy recently ! you are never one to take the easy route and always put all your energy into the job at hand . right now , it may be better to not overdo it . if you can , take time out and try to refresh body and mind . afterward , work will be so much easier if you do . $ today you could find yourself working with a new group of people . you might be assigned to a different team as you collaborate on a project . or there could be some new employees added to the mix . it 's a good day to form alliances with other knowledgeable people . $ in an effort to know what is going to happen in the future , you may be desperately trying to plan , organize , and anticipate all pitfalls . keep in mind that you simply cannot account for everything . there are many unexpected variables . $ a negative comment you said to someone or a bridge you burned about six months ago is going to come back to haunt you during the next three weeks . your first instinct may be to blame to blame someone else , but in reality , you can only blame yourself . $ even though the workweek may be over for you , the effects of it still seem to linger on . you feel as if there is still work that needs to be done and it is hard for you to slow your mind down . breathe deeply and talk long walks with friends , if possible . $ do not get it in your head that no one cares about you or what you are doing . there is more to the story than this . maybe the truth is that they truly do not understand what you are going through because you do not share enough with them . share more . $ there is no sense getting angry with the opposition and fighting them . you will not be able to beat them so you might as well join them . this is a time for you to make peace and find ways in which you are similar instead of the ways you are different . $ you are able to see through the superficial aspects of any situation in order to get to the heart of the matter . this ability will be extremely strong - and extremely valuable at a time like this . do not be afraid to probe more deeply than usual . $ be honest and straightforward with your co - workers . if someone is not pulling his or her weight , then tell this person so . otherwise , it will continue to eat you up inside . do not be afraid of confrontation . tension now will ultimately lead to peace . $ in many ways , you feel trapped by your surroundings . social pressures have you believing that you need to act or think a certain way . embrace the courage you have within and know that ultimately , the most important thing is to be true to yourself . $ be sure that you are following your dreams ! maintain a hopeful spirit that you will indeed achieve what you set out to achieve in this lifetime . you are reaching for a bright star - your own personal star of destiny . embrace this dream . live it ! $ your fortune has been constantly fluctuating . you are frustrated by the unstable ground that you are on . realize that you have more control over your situation than you think you do . everything is in the palm of your hand . a new beginning awaits . $ you are feeling good today , and even though you might not be at work , this is a good time to be thinking about work - related issues . your mind is clear , stable , and practical . what you plan today will most certainly come to fruition later on . $ assert your independence . you are reaching for an important goal and other people are getting in your way . do not let them . act independently from others . move forward without the hindrance of others . this is no time to be wearing a ball and chain . $ just because something is new and different do not mean that you need to be scared of it . this person or concept was not in your original radar field and so you may have quickly disregarded the notion of ever getting involved . rethink your position . $ you have a vision of how a certain project should turn out . be flexible in this vision . most likely it will not turn out the way you imagine it to . do not be disappointed with the outcome just because the final result is not something you expected . $ let your feet lift off from their point of grounding . reach up into the clouds . the answer is in creative , imaginative thinking . put away your list . do away with your plan . let your intuition lead the way and you will be successful at this time . $ you will have a hard time concentrating . do not tackle anything that requires a large amount of mental focus . you simply do not have it in you right now to zero in on the thing that requires your undivided attention . wait until a later date $ your method of operation may be very different from that of other people , but this do not mean that they are wrong , and you are right . remember that a judgmental attitude can easily lead to anger and frustration . let others live their own lives . $ other people are pulling your chain . perhaps they want to make it seem that they are better than you , that their job is better than yours , and that they have everything , and you have nothing . do not fall prey to this jargon . none of this is true . $ you are a step ahead of people around you . instead of getting frustrated by their slow pace , take time to boost them up to your way of thinking . be patient , supportive , and understanding . doing so will speed up the process and make everyone happier . $ values and personal beliefs are coming to the forefront . what is important to you ? are you doing work that resonates with your own personal belief system ? are you getting paid a fair amount or do you deserve more ? be honest with yourself . $ a long - term trend kicks off today , asking you to take on more of a leadership role during the next four weeks . direct your energy outward instead of turning it inward . use the power of these four weeks to transform and to be courageous . $ you do not understand how other people operate and so your first response is to be very critical of them . be careful here . just because someone do not do something the way that you do do not mean that you have the right to chastise him or her . $ have some fun with your work . just because it is called work do not mean that it always has to be serious and boring . spice things up in a new way . be creative . use your imagination . there is no reason why today has to be a downer . $ as much as you may feel at odds with other people and the world around you , it is important that you partner up . join together with someone instead of trying to do everything by yourself . just make sure that you are not being too critical of others . $ let your guard down and realize that you can learn from others . when you put up the front that says you can handle everything , you shut yourself off to incredible wisdom that can aid you tremendously in your career . be open to other people . $ the constant confusion around you is making it difficult for you to operate at top speed . for this reason , it is important for you to expect that you will be running a bit slower than usual . be happy with whatever you can accomplish at whatever speed . $ the next move is yours - no one else 's . you have to work for recognition . it is not going to be handed to you on a silver platter . you need to put in the work in order to get where you want to go . you are on the right track . do not give up now . $ you have reached a slow - down in the road . you are at a point of suspension . the more you struggle , the more you will be bound to a situation that you are not comfortable in . let go of control and be patient . wait this one out . your time will come . $ people are making an extra effort to reach out to you , and you should do the same . in many ways , you are striving for independence , when really you need to aim to be interdependent . you need other people . accept this truth and work toward this goal . $ you may feel the need to break out and try something new . now is indeed a good time to experiment and toss around new ideas and new strategies for how you can meet your goals . tune into your creative mind . do not be afraid to go against the grain . $ you are a dreamer at heart . so , let yourself dream today . disregard those who try to bring you back down to earth . if people say you need to be more grounded and practical in order to be successful , remind them that einstein was a dreamer , too . $ in order to meet your goals with regard to your career , you need to get more grounded at the current time . hold on to your dreams , but do not forget that you need to be more realistic in order to manifest your goals at the current time . $ the details you neglected on a recent project are catching up to you and backfiring . you may need to readjust your position today in order to get back on track with the correct procedure . admit your mistakes instead of covering them up and move on . $ do not let conflict between you and a co - worker cripple you for the rest of the day . in addition , do not be a pushover to that person 's reckless approach . take the time to collect yourself and refocus on the truth of the matter . proceed from there . $ you may feel left out today - like a kid on the playground who is not allowed to associate with the others . be patient . focus on your own projects and your own strengths . the time will come when others will be begging to associate with you . $ you will make huge strides towards your career goals today so do not give up before you 've even gotten started . if you are seeking a new job , chances are you will find one . at the very least , all interviews with potential employers will go extremely well . $ rewards will pour in today in response to the hard work that you have been doing . financial benefits are at hand so do not be afraid to step up and claim what you know you have rightly earned . more than you may think is coming your way . $ incorporate more of the latest technology and cutting - edge ideas into your work today . do not get left behind as others zoom ahead . be willing to incorporate these ideas on the fly . today 's pace will keep you on your toes from sunup until sundown . $ there is a great deal of communication between you and others today , but it seems as if you are getting nowhere . you may walk away from a long dialogue with your boss still wondering what he or she was trying to communicate . ask again tomorrow . $ pay special attention to any document or contract that you come in contact with today . scrutinize it thoroughly before committing yourself to it . when it comes to any sort of paperwork , it is to your advantage to have a more critical eye than usual . $ the only way you will be successful today is if you demonstrate that you can meet other people 's expectations . assert yourself more than usual . do not sit back and wait for the perfect career opportunity to come to you . you need to move towards it . $ do not be too critical of someone else 's work today . this person 's feelings are more sensitive than you may first realize . too harsh of a critique may bring tears to this person 's eyes . go easy on him or her while getting your point across . $ something you said to a co - worker is likely to backfire on you today . now this person is retaliating in a way that you never thought was possible . there is no one to blame but you . make apologies where it is necessary to do so . $ an excellent planetary aspect is occurring that elevates your emotional world to the height of the mountaintop . looking at your emotions with perspective is a healthy practice that bolsters self - confidence . consciously creating this perspective on a regular basis is the goal of yoga . finding the right yoga discipline and routine might be your goal this season . the lymphatic system that controls our immune system is also greatly helped by yoga . $ you may have the feeling that things are out of control . if you open up to all that you are feeling , you may become afraid or overwhelmed . it may help you to do some grounding exercise in order to remind yourself that you are in a human body ! the regularity with which you exercise will affect the degree you feel overwhelmed in your life . drinking plenty of water is the second half of the exercise equation . be aware that your body may need more minerals and vitamins , depending on the stress level you experience . $ thanks to the day 's planetary configuration , you will intuitively sense the state of world affairs . this aspect sends messages of brotherly love , and in many cases , meets with resistance . give yourself the benefit of a healthy lifestyle during this critical time in the human story . a healthy lifestyle includes plenty of rest because an overactive mind can take you away from the basics . rest , diet , and exercise should be your mantra during trying times . $ there is so much sensitivity in you . you may feel that peace is all you need to be happy and be heartbroken to see what is going on in the world . try giving yourself peace as much and as often as you can : peace in the bathtub , peace at the dinner table , and peace in bed . learn to require in your own life what you want to see in the world . drawing that power up in yourself will give you focus and ground you . exercise is the mainstay of this dream . $ for every pharmaceutical treatment , there is a holistic way to take care of yourself ! pay attention to where you get your knowledge regarding wellness . do you rely on what your parents taught you ? ( how is their health ? ) do you believe what 's written on all the packaging you buy ? do you have a friend or two who seem tuned in to holistic health care practices ? open yourself to receiving knowledge from new sources and notice the healthy difference it can make in your life . $ as you take charge of your health , you may feel at times that there is a bit too much to keep track of ! diet , routine , exercise , illness , sleep - and everything else that is involved with this thing called self - love . this is why you have friends . your friends can help you assess your situation and figure out the best course of action . sometimes laughing away the tension is all you really need ! $ you are able to intuitively sense what 's needed in a given situation . if you are in the habit of preparing meals for yourself and your family , you are probably naturally gifted at preparing healthy meals . to expand on this gift , you might learn some healthy techniques found in vegetarian or even vegan cookbooks . the perspectives contained in these texts may be new to you , but what you take away will enhance your experience of cooking and eating . $ the current planetary alignment makes you more open to truths that you may otherwise miss . try to think honestly about what you do for yourself that increases your feeling of wellness , and what you do that inhibits your well - being . your personal health regimen needs to be totally specific to your needs . some herbal substances that are said to be beneficial and calming are : jasmine , lavender , lotus , and forget - me - not . incorporate your favorite scent into your bathing ritual ! $ today could bring attention to the throat area , which can be especially sensitive under the current transit . there are several homeopathic treatments which aid an infected throat : astragalus , echinacea , gargling salt mixed into warm water , and putting fresh lemon on your food . a hurt throat sends a message to your body not to speak . this leads to internalization of emotions and can cause mental distress . try to purify your lymphatic system with respect to this condition . $ even though you are a soft and emotional person , you are equally capable of anger and aggression . however , the tendency for most is to internalize anger and aggression , which wreaks havoc upon the immune system , as well as other vital biological systems . if you have experienced this recently , consider taking up a workout that involves ( safely ) kicking , yelling , and hitting inanimate objects . this technique will help you to get out your anger and alleviate pressure and strain . $ drinking an adequate amount of water is difficult for some . it takes time and practice to cultivate the habit . here are some tips : add fresh lemon to your water to enhance the taste and boost your immune system . set realistic expectations for yourself : start with thinking that it 's just as easy to drink two glasses of water as one . and a cup of herbal tea before bedtime definitely counts ! this nightly ritual will both hydrate and relax you . $ feelings of discouragement are a possibility with today 's celestial energies . what you want may seem to be out of reach , quickly breeding a feeling of sadness . focus on all that you do to nurture yourself , and the many small accomplishments you 've made since reading your wellness horoscope ! you can take steps to avoid the pitfalls of depression as soon as you recognize the signs . definitely ask a friend to cheer you up - that 's what real friends love to do ! $ today 's astral configuration provides guidance for your dreams . it might be a good idea to approach a close friend for a little support and advice . they will likely understand where you are coming from and be able to provide you with some inspiration . remember to offer what you are asking for . if you need some help with motivation , for example , explain what prompted you to confide in them : this will motivate that person to help you and enable you to get what you want out of the relationship . $ today 's aspect gives you the insight to cleanse yourself , either physically or emotionally . if something has been bothering you emotionally , usually there is some unresolved issue between you and another person . depending on the severity of this problem , it can help to write out your frustrations or to draw a picture . try to get it outside of you in some way . when you feel you have a handle on the issue , do some physical exercise to stir up new blood and complete the cleansing process . $ as strong as you are spiritually , you must contend with issues of timidity in order to get what you want in this life . with the astral energy at play , you are granted a breather during which it is ok to meander a bit and wonder about things , a natural tendency with you . however , consider getting involved in activities like boxing , kickboxing , or karate in order to increase your confidence and motivation . play around at screaming and punching in the appropriate environment . apart from releasing all that pent - up energy , you could meet a new side of yourself ! $ give yourself an inch and you might take a mile ! i recommend you bring that tendency poolside , if possible ! swimming is an exercise that benefits the body and mind , and it is not an expensive sport . whether you are a beginner or a high school champ , try to integrate this lovely , low - impact sport into your life . it strengthens your lung capacity while toning your whole body , and once you get on a roll it can be like meditation . weather permitting , it 's a wonderful bonus to be outside . $ this is a good time to pay special attention to your feet . filling tubs of warm water should be a usual practice , especially when you regularly have to wear socks or stockings and shoes . if you re able to enlist the help of a special friend to make this a really worthwhile process , that 's even better : add a dozen drops of lavender oil ( or australian tea tree oil ) to the tub of warm water and soak your feet . consider referring to a book on reflexology and discover the therapeutic benefits of foot massage with your friend . $ your intuition functions proportionally to how well you are sleeping at night . to help strengthen your metaphysical talents , try creating a bedtime ritual that you follow religiously for two weeks . whatever strikes you as appropriate : music , a hot bath , rhythmic dancing , stretching , singing lullabies to yourself , anything . try to make your sleep ritual the apex of every 24 - hour period . when you awake , write your dreams in a journal . keeping track will help you notice your progress . $ you love to explore new ideas , your very own adventures of the mind , and you are greatly assisted by today 's astral energy . your idealistic nature tempts you to focus on utopian dreams . you feel this energy as the essence of possibility , and it will be a period of emotional optimism for you . whatever you have doubted to be possible in your health or dietary regimen , now is the time to give it a try . it do not have to be a marathon . start small , and you can make your dreams a reality ! $ do you ever experience cold hands and feet ? this is a sign of weak circulation and can be aided by activities such as fast walking , running and swimming . look at your exercise schedule and pay attention to what really gets your blood moving . if you can afford a massage every few weeks , it 's a good time of year to make this a monthly practice if possible . when all else fails , stand on your head ! not only your blood circulation , but also your immune system will benefit from this special attention . $ you are generally no stranger to suffering . your quiet , internal world is constantly interrupted and disturbed by the goings - on of the human race . in order to keep your equilibrium , you must have one or two hobbies that strengthen your inner world . painting comes to mind or playing some kind of music . knowing the kind of atmosphere you thrive in is paramount . give yourself what you need in order to feel secure in your environment . $ you may want to do some kind of volunteer work . helping the needy is a year - round opportunity , not limited to certain special occasions . pay attention to this part of yourself and to your outgoing nature . if you have like - minded friends , try to start planning a day or two of service in advance , if possible . there are so many opportunities for giving of yourself that you may have a hard time deciding where to focus your attention . $ waiting for the right time can be good advice , but not with regard to developing healthy habits to live by . you need to eat three meals a day with healthy snacks in between ( fresh fruit , for example ) . you need to sleep like a baby - and there are ways to create more successful sleeping habits if you need help . you need to drink enough water to keep your immune system strong and your elimination process in tune . these are things that do not benefit from waiting . $ you seem to love games that involve mystery - have you been playing enough board games lately ? generally speaking , there are not enough adults who play board games these days . human beings are among the most playful creatures on earth . when it comes to working together to solve a mystery , we easily combine forces . indulge your sense of mystery in choosing the books you read , the films you see , even the kinds of conversation you initiate with your friends . socrates said , i have decided to be happy because it is good for my health ! $ you are quite sensitive to color , light , and sound . is your home environment nurturing you as it should ? apart from what 's in the fridge and cupboards ( of utmost importance ) , do you have the color of paint that you desire on your walls ? do you have plants that are able to grow in a well - lit space ? do you have the kind of music you like to play in the privacy of your own home ? these things matter to your well - being as much as anything else ! $ nothing can pick up your soul like fresh juice with lots of ginger in it . this season , treat yourself to one of the greatest man - made creations ever : a juicer . if you have never made your own juice , you are in for a treat . if you 've had it in restaurants , you will experience new depths of self - love when you drink it in the privacy of your own kitchen , or dare i say , bathtub . carrot , apple and ginger root is a marvelous blend . $ you are the kind of spirited nature john lennon had in mind when he wrote the song imagine . the ideal world that is always just out of our reach , where all things live in harmony , is where you really want to be . thus , you are no stranger to suffering here on earth . emotional suffering negatively impacts your immune system , and vice versa . to toughen up your immune system , keep some echinacea around the house and add 8 - 10 drops of it to your nightly herbal tea . $ you are easily taken aback by people who seem to know what they want and how to get it . remember that your reflective nature tends to give a lot of credit to others while at the same time depriving yourself of the same . break this pattern of find yourself in a rut , comparing yourself to others or worse , manipulating others to balance the insecurity you feel . openly communicate with those who do things you would like to be able to do : you will be surprised at how they help you ! $ you have experienced a lot of emotional impact over the past couple of months , and it would behoove you to process it in a series of yoga exercises in preparation for any upcoming new experiences . your breath is most important now - slow and deep breathing exercises can make a world of difference in your outlook . taking your breath seriously can mean the difference between experiencing a coming together rather than a falling apart in the months ahead . $ you like to be part of a healthy relationships , whether with one person or with a whole group of people . for this reason , it can give you a lot of satisfaction to be part of a volunteer organization . you get to pick the cause of your choice and the people you meet are bound to be good people , like you , potentially with common interests . if you want to get in shape while you serve , look into walks or runs that raise money for worthy causes . $ with today 's transit , you may feel motivated to participate in some group activity that involves planning and helping others . even if it 's a small birthday party for a friend , respect this need of yours to be involved in spreading a sense of community , if possible . to experience a sense of participation to the fullest , be sure to exercise and get your blood circulating . when you feel physically engaged with your own strength , you are more grounded and ready to give . $ a feeling of peace or satisfaction is available to you now and though you might not know the source , it feels a long time coming . typically , it 's possible for you to go about finding the source of this feeling in what others might call a backwards approach . begin a discipline now of healthy practices . a diet of light foods and plenty of water along with physical activities might reveal to you the source of this peaceful feeling . $ although you may be known as a great healing spirit , you must learn how to heal yourself as well ! your sensitive soul may feel like retreating from all the hoopla around you but stay attuned to your need for companionship . keep up with your exercise routine and try to find a workout companion , if possible , to make the going a bit easier . there may be someone you work with or live by who would be inspired by an invitation to join you for a walk or run in the park . this way you help someone else while you help yourself ! $ today 's planetary movement makes the world seem very real to you - whatever you are feeling inside , you will have no problem finding something to identify with on the outside . you will benefit from asserting yourself on the physical plane under this transit . consider doing something out - of - doors , a walk or run in the woods or in a park . connect to the healthiest signs you see in nature and bring that natural confirmation back to your own emotional truth . $ the most effective measure of a healthy diet is how well you sleep . the quality of rest you enjoy has to do with how finely tuned your body is . what you eat affects your ability to exercise and relax . take the time to notice how your body digests what you eat . red meat is difficult to digest - leafy greens are easy to digest . get familiar with the spectrum and start treating your body the way you would a finely tuned instrument . $ you are startled by the violence you see in the world , and you need to balance out the shock with predictably soothing activities . surround yourself with gentleness in your home - create a safe haven . practice soothing exercises such as yoga , stretching , and walking . calm your mind with reading positive material and practicing meditation in any way you see fit . give yourself the balance you need , and notice when you need to balance . walking is a wonderful exercise for regaining balance . $ the planetary energy can make this an emotional time for you , filling you with sensitivity and awareness . you may or may not have been taught how to develop your sensitivity and awareness as a child , but it 's never too late to start ! if you realize that there is something or someone you need to let go of at this time , why not create some kind of ritual that will give you the necessary closure you need ? nurture your spirituality when you feel open to it . $ you can benefit tremendously from a group physical activity , if possible , such as a team that trains together for an athletic event . the group spirit is uplifting for your nature , which tends to be introverted when left alone . and , having a goal can help shape your perspective about life , which can otherwise become obtuse and slightly pessimistic if you are not careful . enjoy yourself with friends who are physically active , if you can , and see what energy comes of it . $ it is easy for you to get carried away with emotions - your own or other people 's - and it 's important to balance yourself with grounding physical activities . walking is preferable to using a car or public transportation , weather permitting . be defiant when it comes to taking time for yourself , as you will pay a high price for ignoring your personal needs . sitting down for a cup of herbal tea is also a nice thing to do for yourself . stay calm and centered . $ wishing you were somewhere else is a recipe for a bad mood ! it 's not what you say , but rather what you do that matters - so if you want to go away , it 's time to start planning that future vacation ! but if you are merely frustrated it will serve you to examine your diet and exercise regimen . are you working out at least three times a week ? are you drinking more water than you ever thought possible ? these are realistic goals that will take you someplace new - inside yourself . $ you may feel playful and especially warm toward your partner , your children , or your friends today . expressing this energy to your loved ones is at the same time an opportunity to address yourself in the most loving way possible . if you have needs that you rarely express to those you love , take advantage of this time to get your own needs across in a playful or friendly way . invite those you love to notice the part of you that you most want them to see . $ one of the best ways to feel free of negative energy is to make an agreement with yourself to take a break from reading or listening to the news , even if it s just for a day . remember : there s a fine line between staying woke and never sleeping again . in order for your immune system to fight off illness it needs on average a solid eight hours of sleep a night . in order to be able to sleep your body needs to know that it doesn t have to be on high alert . those of us who are particularly empathic need to be especially careful when it comes to the media we consume : be it heart wrenching segments on the nightly news or ultra - violent movies before bedtime , you aren t doing your endocrine , nervous , and immune systems any favors by exposing it to over - stimulating , frightening content . $ you may feel extra emotional today and it is important to stick to some semblance of a routine so that the planetary energy do not overpower you . do anything you can to bolster your nervous and immune systems by choosing peaceful activities over highly stimulating ones . $ giving yourself the benefit of the doubt is critical if you are indeed seeking to change your health habits for the better . it 's hard to change old patterns ! it 's a day - by - day effort , and real change takes time . if you feel the one step forward to two steps back syndrome , lighten up a little bit and focus on the positive . when it comes to health , your basic attitude is what matters most . keep that in mind . $ you would do good to stay away from processed sugar ! you can be easily excited by what you ingest . sugar and preservatives are among the greatest triggers for you . the planetary alignment dominates the emotional territory at this time , and it may be best to stay a respectful distance from all that winds you up . on the other hand , what releases pent up energy is highly recommended during this transit . exercise , meditation , sleep - choose your source of relaxation ! $ you are known to many as a slow mover but actually you have a lot of energy inside you , which is why activities such as yoga and pilates are recommended . deep breathing is what makes yoga so beneficial , and many people do not even realize this ! make the most of whatever you do for exercise by breathing deeply as you do it . you will get twice as much out of it and feel reinvigorated without putting any extra stress on your body . $ today 's planetary alignment gives you the freedom to take your feelings seriously , without being tricked by the serious expectations you may put on yourself at other times of the month . what does expanding your horizons mean to you ? it might be time to find out - or , if you know what gives you a boost , go ahead and ask for it ! even something as humble as a walk on the beach with your dog ( or a friend , or a friend 's dog ! ) could be the answer to opening up to your true feelings . $ the wonderful quality of empathy that you represent is only as good as it feels to you . that is , if you are not able to give someone else what they want in a relationship , that is just fine . just be sure to communicate to others when you have reached your limit . this way you will avoid any unnecessary guilt . in the meantime , you would do well to focus on what you can do for yourself in terms of your physical health . $ the planetary alignment today gives you the intensity you sometimes lack . you may feel more easily aroused , more vital , more prone to outburst , just plain more of everything ! as you begin to express your feelings , be aware that a regular fitness schedule can help you manage this emotional state that is not your usual . enjoy this transit but try to avoid saying anything you might regret later by letting out some steam through regular exercise . $ there are times when you , who are typically emotional and internalized , can be outgoing and glamorous , and with today 's planetary alignment , you have the opportunity to shine ! you may experience a day or two of feeling you want to entertain and share your bubbly mood with those you love . why not spread good cheer with a bountiful feast made from organic produce that is grown locally ? prepare a meal with the intention to spread this feeling of wellbeing throughout your intimate community . $ your romantic nature may be easily aroused these days . the movement of the planets gives you a chance to separate your mind from your body to a certain degree , giving you greater sensation in your body than your sometimes - overwhelming emotions . to enhance this experience , be sure to get regular exercise and eat light but nourishing foods such as fresh salads or seasonal vegetables and fish . your sensitivities will tantalize you and probably someone else , too ! $ the aspect of the day will quite possibly find you brooding about how to get a head start . for one thing , you cannot go wrong by paying attention to your body . if your mind is feeling foggy , do not let it stop you from getting out into the fresh air for an invigorating walk every day . if your heart is feeling blue , do not let that stop you from reaching out to people who care about you and asking for some extra tlc ! $ today s astral configuration brings you a powerful dose of energy that you may use in any way you like . however , it must be said that unheeded , this kind of energy can be depressive . we recommend you use it in the following way : externally and within a given structure . get into a regular exercise regimen . start out with moderation so you are not discouraged . routine aerobic exercise will raise your level of energy in a stable way , preventing the downfall that comes with inconsistency . $ the predominant energy running through the planets these days gives you a subtle joy in your spirit . this lovely feeling can be enhanced through attending social and cultural events ( virtual if necessary ) with friends or loved ones . when you are in these situations , to look and feel your best try concentrating on your posture . the way you stand can have a great effect on how you feel and how others feel around you . posture effects how you breathe , and this is key . $ there is a planetary energy acting like fire and water when joined together , and it makes you feel charged . to picture this energy , imagine an olympic swimmer . think of the drive and force necessary to move through the pool . this kind of energy is somehow affecting you now . to stay calm and collected , it will benefit you to do some exercise that expands your lungs with air . and in doing so , you will realize that you can indeed achieve balance . $ the planetary alignment today makes you feel ever ready to take on the next phase of your personal development . spiritually , emotionally , physically - whatever development you are focused on right now , today 's aspect will help you take the lead . yoga is a practice that combines all of those areas into one and when practiced on a daily basis , yoga can help you make the most of this transit . you have about ten days left , so do not miss out ! prepare yourself with water intake before you practice . $ with the present astral configuration , you may already sense that something is afoot ! focus on staying in optimal health . try to eat at home more than you eat takeout . it 's a better way to stay healthy with food from restaurants you are probably eating more sauces and things ( bread ) that you would not eat when preparing meals at home . and , when you prepare your own food you are more aware of how your digestive system reacts to the substances you eat . $ today 's planetary alignment impels you to focus your intentions on something physical and real . one way to express this is to start taking your physical health seriously . are you still finding excuses rather than getting the regular exercise your body requires ? are you drinking enough water to stay hydrated all the time ? are you looking for healthy food when you go grocery shopping ? healthy habits can be formed during this transit . $ there is often more than meets the eye , even for a sensitive soul like you ! you could be seeing more than most but may not be focused on what 's right in front of you . the aspect of the day makes us all more aware of what has real value for the heart , and what is only a passing fancy . it 's important to center yourself during this time of spiritual expansion . your body , your health , and your relationships deserve your focused attention . $ your psychic nature will be alive this week as the current aspects light up the path to all our higher natures . you may feel a certain physical energy as well - a kind of boost that will not actually get you very far during a workout or on a run . keep your power centered on your diet and do not push yourself physically . your diet should include fish and sources of vitamin a ( spirulina , chlorella and other blue - green algae ) to keep your inner eye seeing straight ! $ today s planetary alignment makes this a week to assert your right to be you - particularly in your own head . give yourself permission to do what you really want to do . this will undoubtedly include something for your body - a massage , a virtual yoga class , a gourmet meal from a favorite takeout restaurant . whatever your self - expression , keep your body a part of it . feel your feelings with your body - give yourself permission to revel in it ! $ your dreams of a better world will seem crystal clear while the favorable planetary alignment lasts . balance your internal and external lives with robust exercise and you stand a better chance of achieving these dreams - beginning with your own life . be an example of what you want for the world . if it 's a healthy world you want , why not be the picture of health in your own world ? start by doubling your daily intake of water . $ you might sense all that is wrong with the world , but others might not be as aware as you are this week ! the planetary alignment today will surely cause some frustration , some feeling of inequality that is hard for you to reckon with . do not take this out on your friends . to keep your mood steady , make sure there is plenty of vitamins a and c in your diet . fresh fruits and vegetables keep our tempers mellow , and any excess energy is best taken care of by going to the gym , if possible . $ the planetary transit today is like having a boost of positive energy where it counts most : your own self - confidence . you can increase the effect of this month - long transit by grounding your physical self in healthy routines such as regular meals with no snacking in between , and exercise at least four times a week . you have a choice : get the most out of this transit ( and your entire year is likely to benefit ) or ignore it and wonder what might have been . $ get plenty of rest while this planetary alignment lasts . you will likely have active dreams and it is worthwhile to write them down and take note of what you find meaningful in them . your physical energy may feel low , but your mental energy is high : this is a time to continue exercising but perhaps in a more mellow way ( yoga ? ) . this is a time to let your mind have a long reach - expand your personal time to include meditative practices such as walking and reading . $ today 's planetary transit does not create the easiest of periods , and it just so happens that it influences you especially ! pay special attention to your inner critic . during this transit you are likely to put yourself under enormous pressure to get all the details right , and when you do not you may suffer the consequences . instead , take the bigger picture into consideration and pay attention most importantly to your health - physical and emotional health . make time to exercise . $ today 's aspect means you have got to look at yourself and separate what you need from what you think you need . what you need is plenty of rest , physical exercise and a healthy diet . what you think you need can often be detrimental and , like it or not , this aspect is going to show you why . to avoid any kind of harsh surprises , keep focused on what is truly healthy : diet and exercise . $ you are enjoying the celestial atmosphere during this period , and the planetary alignment turns up the heat quite a lot ! in fact , if you find yourself craving spicy foods it may be a sign that you have a lot of fiery energy inside waiting to come out ! get yourself down to the gym , if possible , or find another way to work out at least three times a week . drink plenty of water to balance out all that fire and to flush out toxins that will be released with exercise . $ today 's transit emphasizes your sharp , inventive mind . you will find countless ways of doing the same thing so that it do not get boring . you can make up stories for your kids at bedtime with no problem . you can entertain yourself while waiting in the doctor 's office . be careful not to get mired in the mental world , however . it 's important to stay committed to your exercise regimen to stay balanced and enjoy this transit . $ the planetary alignment today gives you a magical quality . it is subtle , so do not expect to be competing with harry potter , but you can internally feel a special energy if you meditate on this for a moment . there is magic in having a body - it allows us to feel the most incredible things . take note of these feelings and consider what you can do for your body that will enhance these thrilling feelings . $ today 's aspect emphasizes your dreamy nature . today is a good day for being creative , for communicating with friends , and giving yourself the time you need to understand what you are feeling about a particular subject . you do not always have to know the right answer , but it helps to know what you are feeling . taking care of yourself means eating the best produce available , drinking plenty of water and getting enough rest each night . exercise keeps you from becoming stagnant . $ today 's transit makes you prone to miscommunication . this is not to say you must keep your mouth closed , however you will benefit from thinking before you speak . exercise is a great way to slow down the mind while taking care of the body . a long run through open space can give you what you need to make yourself understood : clarity of mind , surety of purpose , and the best of intentions . drink lots of water to wash out those annoying toxins ! $ the celestial energy today is favorable , full of playfulness and vulnerability in the right relationships . you may not find you can express yourself in words , but today 's aspect allows you to show your feelings through gesture and movement , hugs and kisses . to feel this energy ever more deeply , be sure to follow your exercise regimen . do not skimp on the aerobic exercise ! sending oxygen to your muscles will make you feel warm and happy all over . $ today , stick to what you know is good for you . whether it 's yoga , running , resting , drinking more water , or being extra communicative in your relationships , it will help ease the sense of being pulled in several different directions at once . that which you know is unhelpful to you , whether it 's drinking , smoking , or using some false form of the pleasure principle to mask your real needs , is sure to ultimately backfire . take good care of yourself . $ you would do good to stay away from processed sugar ! you can be easily excited by what you ingest . sugar and preservatives are among the greatest triggers for you . the planetary alignment dominates the emotional territory at this time , and it may be best to stay a respectful distance from all that winds you up . on the other hand , what releases pent - up energy is highly recommended during this transit . exercise , meditation , sleep - choose your source of relaxation ! $ you are poised to move with your best foot forward . take stock of the progress you 've made in your diet or health regimen and plan your next step ! the time has come to begin a new phase . if you 've been indecisive about starting something , you now have the energy to take that first step . if you 've been trimming down or firming up , you are able to feel the positive effects . this is a day of strength , affirmation and confidence . $ you 're going to have plenty of energy tonight , and it 's apt to bring you a lot of pleasure . it 's a good night for doing something physical or sensual . this could be dancing or cooking a wonderful meal at home . take it for what it is worth - remember that the sensual is a world unto itself and do not necessarily need to have romantic connotations . use this energy to show your love directly and simply to those you care for . give and receive physical contact in a healthy , simple way . $ give yourself the time you need to get your work accomplished so that you can then devote the necessary time to your relationships . this is a day to take comfort in what you know is real and good in your life : friends , children , lovers and parents . contact a lost friend , offer to help your child with their homework , ask your partner for a little tenderness . whatever it is you can do to get the most out of your personal relationships is recommended for today . $ the good news is , you 're going to look your best today ! the glow on your face will come from a mysterious inner source , or at least that 's how others may perceive it . you may not exactly feel well balanced on the inside , but you certainly can enjoy being told you look great . go ahead and enhance it by styling your hair differently or spending a little extra time in the bathroom pulling yourself together . oh , and by the way , there is no bad news ! $ there 's a level of frustration in the air today that you 'll want to avoid . stay away from temptations ( such as processed sugar ) by keeping your mind on your responsibilities and goals - all that you have to look forward to . if you insist on having a battle of the wills today , have it with your desire to eat ice cream and not with someone you care about ! to be victorious means resisting the urge to do the little self - destructive things you will regret tomorrow . $ this is a period in which you will benefit from taking seriously all that is soft , feminine , and introspective . the astral energy is emphasizing understanding and yes , tlc . treat your body well and be sure to drink lots of water . also - instead of taking the easy route , it would behoove you to strengthen your commitment to help those in need . take care of yourself first , then spread the love around a little . $ powers of common sense triumph when you facilitate the release of your energies through exercise . all those surface emotions that occur when one is surprised , angered or confused need a regular outlet . find the spot where your stress level appears in your body and manage it naturally . if you suffer from migraines , you can use a wonderful herb called feverfew and brew a tea from it . if you have low tolerance for stress , increase the iron in your blood by consuming lentils . $ you 'll have your usual boundless energy today , along with some extra emotional awareness that may come as a pleasant surprise . to tap into this compassionate energy , be sure to drink plenty of water and stay away from processed foods , as they can disturb your mood . doing yoga or meditating would be wonderful gifts to give to yourself . listening to loud music where you can get up and dance would be a superb way to act out the combination of energies that are available to you . $ when the planets are in harmony you can expect to feel psychically in tune with what is most important to you . you can sense how important it is for you to exercise before you do anything else . when you get your excess energy out at the gym or in a challenging yoga session , for example , you are more likely to say what you mean and mean what you say when you are with your friends . pay attention to your inner wisdom . $ relieve your stress level today with some form of exercise that cheers you up . what you do for your body you also must do for your spirit . running with a friend or dancing to your favorite disco songs , something to pump up your heart rate as well as your sense of humor . the kind of energy we have comes largely from the activities we choose to participate in - choose something that makes you smile ! $ today 's astral energy leaves you feeling alive and open to new things . the best complement to these emotional energies is a diet that 's easy to process and stretching your body . light foods such as soups , salads and fish can be very satisfying for the entire body . remember to eat slowly to allow for the maximum benefit of a meal . exercise in the morning is recommended . drink plenty of water , preferably at room temperature . $ saying what you mean is going to seem much easier today . your emotions may bubble up when you least expect it , and you may even send a stinging word out of your mouth without realizing it . the wise will take extra care to burn off energy in the body with exercise and will be mindful of getting proper rest . when the body is conditioned , the mind follows a more predictable path , and relating to others becomes more harmonious . $ it could feel challenging to express yourself spontaneously today . with the current celestial atmosphere , you 're probably not going to get your way no matter how hard you try . in fact , trying hard is futile in this sort of configuration . it 's best to just take the easy route . stick to your usual routine and wait this one out . it 's important to get a little exercise so the frustrated energy gets released as quickly as it appears . $ the day 's astral energy emphasizes your changeable nature . the key here is to keep your balance as you accept all the challenges that life presents and succeed . you know that your sensitive nature needs to be taken care of especially well in times of stress . do what you love best . take some time out , lie back , listen to the music you love and let your imagination take you places . $ giving in to that which makes your power grow is a good idea . this certainly involves movement of some kind . any kind of exercise that gets your heart rate up while stretching your limbs is recommended : running , bikram yoga , ashtanga yoga , pilates , etc . competitive sports are not recommended today , as your energy might be affected adversely by the win - lose dynamic . take your time before you speak ; you will be able to have a way with words if you know exactly what you want . $ today 's pleasant aspect concerns all things romantic . you will be especially able to use your intuitive powers to sense the right time to make your feelings known , and your body in a way that feels pleasing to you and to others . this could be your facial expressions , physical affection , or perhaps giving those who need it their space . to enhance this harmonious aspect , treat yourself to something that relaxes both body and mind : a massage , a sauna or a walk in the woods . $ your patience level could be low today . honor your impatience with appropriate measures . give yourself extra time to get to your appointments , and do not set yourself up for frustrating situations . when it comes to eating , choose what you put into your body carefully . be sure you like what you order or prepare ; otherwise , you will not be relaxed and truly fulfilled by your meal . on another note - it is best to hold your tongue if a dispute threatens to arise with a lover or friend . $ the feeling that you can accomplish all that you set out to do is strong today . make a point of centering yourself . whether this is with a yoga session or a walk with the dog , it will be the apex of your day . with focus , you can channel your energy into the higher power that it truly is . you will relish feeling passionate about those you love , and for causes you champion . give yourself the benefit of drinking lots of water : the time and effort it takes can center you . $ your ideals will feel especially sensitive to you today . you may sympathize with others more than you normally do but be careful that you do not get caught up in the role of champion for others . that is a noble sentiment , but you need to stay focused on yourself right now , and this will take some committed effort . if possible , go for a run with a friend and discuss issues that concern you . the increased oxygen intake will settle your mind . $ if you followed yesterday 's advice , you would perhaps feel the benefit of maintaining your personal energy within yourself - not giving it out to other people or situations . building further on this , try staying focused on your breath today . exercise , and eat your meals slowly and deliberately so that your breath remains the priority in all that you do . the rhythm of your breathing is the guiding pulse to maintaining positive energy . doing what 's right for yourself is not always easy . stay focused . $ remember it 's not the situation that matters , it 's how you handle it . continue to breathe consciously , focusing on your breath when you exercise and when you go to sleep as a way of heightening awareness . what you eat is important , but how you put food into your mouth is more important , today . first , make sure the food is appetizing to your body and mind . next , arrange the food in a pleasing manner before beginning to eat . center yourself . eat slowly and enjoy . $ if you run into difficulty today , it will benefit you to take a break and give yourself some quiet , private time to cool down before taking action . there is a strong tendency to act irrationally . give others the benefit of the doubt . remember the phrase : i 'll have to think about this and get back to you . these words can help when your emotions are too hot to allow you to think on the spot . drinking hot beverages will help cool your interior pathways . $ the planetary configuration that is forming today will strengthen your psychic abilities . there is wisdom in cultivating these abilities , and that often means not acting on them right away . to help with the cultivation process , bring yourself into a centered place and make room inside yourself to house your intuitive energies . getting a yoga workout in is highly recommended , although be careful in choosing which positions to focus on . it needs to be about your own focus and concentration . $ your powers of communication continue to be strong . today 's physical focus should be on your feet ! yes - wherever you plant your feet indicates the direction in which you will head . the aspect at play asks you to be determined , and to follow through on what you say . it 's a great day to pick up an exercise routine you 've been talking about , and likewise to really think about the expression you are what you eat . $ there is daring in the air , and you are one to pick up on that sort of thing . you may feel flirtatious , or gullible , or even a bit arrogant today . it 's probably best to conserve some of that daring energy , since you 'll likely be sensitive and easily offended . try to challenge yourself rather than looking for other , outside challenges . run an extra mile , take on a new yoga position or try to squeeze your exercise into a busy schedule . you could also try out one of the martial arts techniques through virtual classes or workshops . $ today is likely the day you will be tempted to stray from your healthy diet or skip the exercise that is so vital to your well - being ! there is an escapist yearning in the air , causing behavior to become associated with food and laziness . if you 're going to sit home and watch a movie tonight , try to make small concessions : soy - based ice cream , popcorn with yeast flavoring instead of butter , fresh lemonade instead of soda pop ! $ when you feel lost , and like you do not know what you want , stick to your routine . with the proper care of your body ( good , fresh food , plenty of water and exercise ) , the subconscious will eventually reveal itself . create a nurturing and predictable pattern for yourself today . breathe consciously . a basic hatha yoga workout would help quiet your mind . whatever message is hidden inside of you will come out as long as you prepare yourself to receive . let go and embrace the step of not knowing . $ today you may feel a shift in your ability to center yourself and practice a healthful routine . the celestial energies increase your ability to sense your emotions , however , you may be left with feelings of ambivalence . you tend to drop a practice when you do not get an answer quickly , but this would be foolish right now ! if you did yoga yesterday , great ! do it again today . if today is your first workout in a while , just doing it will help a lot . $ today provides a wonderful transit for you . you will be able to notice what you are ready to get rid of - certain behavior patterns , old food in the cupboards , and old clothes in the closet . even some relationships may reveal themselves to be unhealthy and outgrown . you can gain a lot by giving up the old and outdated . take stock of your life - get rid of what do not work for you and create room for all that is new . $ if you find balancing many possibilities an exhausting and pointless exercise , consider changing your point of view and focusing that energy to your benefit . try alternating as many different outlets as you can in your workout routine : swim one day , run another , and do some challenging yoga in between to stretch and strengthen your muscles . or try martial arts to keep yourself alert and fit . remember to drink plenty of water in order to secure your inner source of productivity . $ today 's planetary alignment gives you the freedom to take your feelings seriously , without being tricked by the serious expectations you may put on yourself at other times of the month . what does expanding your horizons mean to you ? it might be time to find out - or , if you know what gives you a boost , go ahead and ask for it ! even something as humble as a walk on the beach with your dog ( or a friend , if possible , or a friend 's dog ! ) could be the answer to opening up to your true feelings . $ given the many options you have in life , the sensation of being overwhelmed can become the norm . today 's aspect gives some respite , allowing you to communicate in the way you would like to . this includes how you speak to yourself inside your head . with all of the healthy - living emphasis on diet and exercise , it is easy to forget that the most nurturing part of ourselves is really in our mind . how you treat yourself mentally is more important than low - fat anything . think about it ! $ speaking your truth is the beauty of life and relationships , otherwise all beauty is hollow , and life becomes merely a charade . if you feel the tug of certain buried truths , it is wise to welcome them forth with the dedication to making yourself whole . if you feel you need more sleep in order to gear up for the changes you sense afoot , have the courage to say no to an unhealthy meal , and get to bed as early as you see fit . no excuses necessary ! $ giving yourself room to do what is right for you may bring up issues of fitting in with the group . sometimes what is right changes , and you must break with the past . resistance to change comes from fear that a particular love source will disappear as soon as we shift . grounding yourself in your own reality through physical exercise is a powerful way to practice meditation without doing anything much out of the ordinary . remind yourself that self - love is what we need most . $ the planets are giving you lots of fresh energy to play with ! the energy is fanciful and light , yet significant . this is not a time to enjoy the silly things in life and forget the rest , but rather to expand your horizons and invite the new into your life . give up the habits that have kept you in stuck positions . change does not have to be intense and traumatic - but it does take work . drink red clover tea to help your blood break down those stuck places . $ this is a good time for encouraging different aspects of your inner self to come out of hiding , in order to help shift your habits to fit your true needs . breaking down the old and welcoming the new is favored , and therefore developing the skills of careful aim and diligent follow through . be vigilant in your healthy choices ( choose to drink copious amounts of water ! ) and be even more vigilant in opening yourself up to learn what is inside . $ you have been on a journey of process , it seems , and you may be craving something that you can sink your teeth into . whatever you are craving , your internal organs are most likely craving as well . give them something they can really gnaw on , such as : kale , chard , fennel , and chicory . leafy green salads and roots vegetables can make a big difference in your outlook on life , believe it or not . take a night off from working out and plan some meals that include these ingredients . $ today 's planetary alignment gives you the ability to weigh both sides of an issue and decide which conclusion to draw . the planetary energies working together are reminiscent of the effects of the combos : diet and exercise , rest and action , time alone and time shared with others whenever possible . in each coupling , there is the preparation aspect and the realization aspect . bringing this kind of balance into your life takes commitment - it does not happen by chance . meditate ( whatever that means to you ) , and focus . $ there is a lot of unconscious material being stimulated right now , and you typically are not fond of this sort of thing . the manner in which you handle the unconscious is up to you . pick an area in your life - such as diet , for example , and decide to aggressively improve it . through the introduction of new nutritious substances ( tofu , root vegetables , spices ) and learning how to prepare them , your hidden feeling will be encouraged to risk making themselves known to you . $ some resistance always arises whenever change is introduced . a river 's path is not altered without a few battles between substances ! this is a natural process : let the part of you that does not want to change a habit or the part of you that do not want to open up and be exposed have its say , full and complete . then ask yourself : who is boss ? some decision must be made in order for any process to be worthwhile . walking is a good exercise to do while thinking this over . $ you can organize your life to fit your needs , the options are there for the taking . if ever the planets were encouraging you realize that you are in the driver 's seat , it is now . to bring the challenge down to a more tangible level , try challenging yourself to a more demanding physical routine . this could mean anything from starting to exercise for the first time in your life to deciding this is the year you will run a marathon . either way , you are taking control . $ today 's planetary alignment is there to encourage you in your pursuit of truth . this is like the hollywood starlet carrying out the director 's wishes with perfection and grace , creating something sublime . in other words , act out your fantasies ! remember that in order to do this successfully , you must plan . a great thing to plan is the meals you will eat in a week . plan all of them ( or up to 5 days worth ) at the start of each week . you will reap enormous benefits : physically , emotionally and financially . $ today 's energy can make us feel lonely and depressed . fear that we will not be able to accomplish what we need to accomplish grows when we are isolated . if you are in a financial position to hire a personal trainer - even for a short time - you may benefit from the experience of sharing the burden of getting into better shape , if that s possible . it is through continuing to relate to others that we make it through the tunnel and come out on the other side , where the view is magnificent . trust me ! $ on the one hand , you see many of your strengths and feel pretty good about yourself . on the other hand , you feel the one nagging thing you have not been able to quite work out dragging you down . if you continue to compare yourself to others , you will create a real problem for yourself . if you use the positive to confront the negative within yourself , you stand a chance of a real breakthrough . try to keep yourself centered through some aerobic exercise to keep the fresh blood flowing . $ today 's planetary transit makes you highly sensitive to the needs of others . you would like to see those around you feeling good . truly the most effective way of expressing this desire is to feel good yourself . perhaps on your run today you will feel like acknowledging other runners - connecting in that way that only people with sweat pouring down their faces can ! or you may want to attend a virtual yoga class where you can experience the group high of many people treating their bodies well . $ your body 's voice is apt to be silent at times . so , you will need to adhere to a regimen that does not fluctuate with every new idea that comes to your mind . when you need to motivate yourself , think of your health as a job . the successful candidate will exercise aerobically three times a week , take care to eat three balanced meals a day with only fresh fruits or vegetables for snacks between meals , and drink inordinate amounts of water throughout the day . this approach may help you stay focused when your mind is in a cloudy state . $ today 's aspects create useful energy . use this energy to get what you need and like it ! it can be physical , emotional or quite possibly sexual - and you will derive satisfaction from knowing that you are your sole soul provider ! this aspect is all about satisfaction and knowing you are in control . acknowledging the energy will cause it to grow within you , so i strongly suggest getting out there and exercising with gusto : running , walking , hiking , biking , etc . $ the sensitivity you have around issues concerning your health is rooted in your very nature . it is a nature rooted in action and receptivity . when your health is in question you tend to become depressed . therefore , take the matters of exercise , rest , and a nutritious diet seriously - make them priorities no matter where you are or what you are doing . your sensitive nature depends on nurturing and constant attention . $ too much activity will take a toll on your body . you need to pay special attention to how much relaxation time you give yourself . if you exercise during the morning , make sure you get to bed early enough at night . do not spread yourself thin or your immune system might be put in jeopardy . to encourage you to relax , get in the habit of drinking herbal tea which is also a nice excuse to sit still for half an hour ! $ today 's planetary movement gives you more conviction than you know how to deal with . get used to bold feelings and confusion . people might tell you that you 're self - centered when you 're feeling kind . you might not know exactly how to love yourself . give yourself some space by letting the little things count . wash your toes when you take a shower . get a haircut , if possible . do not bite your nails . exercise when you feel stressed or anxious . focus on yourself in a positive way . $ feeling a little blocked lately ( emotionally or physically ) ? this might have something to do with a tense period you 're going through , where things tend to get a little bottlenecked . keep all channels open with plenty of water and fresh vegetables and at least a few virtual yoga classes or whatever exercise releases your tension the best . try to do this whenever you are subjected to a lot of stress , rather than putting it off until afterwards . you will be much happier ! $ with so much physical energy at your disposal , it 's a wonder that you are not a professional athlete or dancer ! you must have realized by now that you are one vital individual . today you might seriously consider the ramifications of this and decide it 's time to implement some health habits into your life that will bring that energy to a constructive level . regular exercise and a balanced diet may not be enough ! meditation could do you good , or maybe the martial arts ? $ it 's never too late to begin your health regimen . whatever you find yourself doing in the present moment can be shifted in a healthier direction . if you 're about to have a meal , think about the most nutritious thing you could enjoy , and make that your priority . if you 're about to go home , ask yourself what kind of exercise you can fit in between now and bedtime , and make it happen ! with practice , the healthy habits will come naturally . $ give yourself the benefit of looking good . that 's right : pay attention to how you look . this is not as superficial as it sounds . making yourself look good is an effort to notice what you like about yourself and what you feel are your strongest characteristics . noticing this is the first step toward acting on what you want to improve . whether it 's a haircut or some exercise , you will accept what you need to do more readily in the context of looking good . $ learn all you can about maintaining optimal health . food choices and exercise are of course daily concerns , but it would also pay to develop a knowledge base about the functioning of your internal organs . do you know much about your colon and how to keep it healthy ? do you know how to take care of your kidneys with proper hydration ? there is abundant information on the web - take advantage and start feeling even better than you do at your best ! $ with today 's planetary movements , it 's time to look at your what foods you ve been eating regularly and how it 's affecting your emotions . practice taking a good look at how you are feeling when you get ready for bed and when you get ready for work in the morning . do you feel strong and flexible , calm , and relaxed ? food has a tremendous impact on how we process our emotions , both what we eat and how we eat it . start paying closer attention , it may be time to re - examine some of your habits like eating while taking in a particularly upsetting news segment , or eating at your desk because you don t feel you can afford the time it takes to take a proper lunch break . $ give yourself the room you need to have a good , healthy week . this involves planning ahead . have an idea of what sort of workout you are going to enjoy each day , plan at least three meals that you prepare at home ( with leftovers for lunch the next day ! ) , and give yourself a general hour by which to be ready for bed . this kind of planning will stand you in good stead as you try to settle your body 's energy during hectic times . $ it 's time for you to start thinking about what your goals are health - wise . there is no way to hit the target if you are a jumble of thoughts inside . make sure you have the rest you need to allow you to think clearly with a rested mind . if you have access to these foods and can tolerate them , consider adding beets ( don t forget that beet greens are delicious sautéed with a bit of garlic , lemon , and olive oil ) , tomatoes , and dark green vegetables in your meals to help cleanse your liver . most of all focus on developing a habit of mild exercise that you can do nearly every day . your mind could use a break from running itself in circles , and one of the easiest ways to do this is to engage in physical activities that ground you into your body . $ sagittarius is always ready to try something ( or someone ) new . you find it easier to say yes than no . you are responsible for what you bring into your life and consequences are very real . likewise , we are responsible to our bodies . what we eat is going to stick with us . you will feel what you let into your body for much longer than the time it takes to ingest it . pay special attention to this process and learn the benefits of saying no . $ you may have the best of intentions but not enough follow through in your exercise regimen . one way to take the burden off yourself is to join a group that exercises regularly - a virtual team or a class of some sort . this will keep you on track in spite of your mood . you can also enlist the help of a physical trainer , though this is the more expensive option . do not let a little planetary configuration get in the way of your best foot forward ! $ today 's transit is a lovely one for the sensually oriented . your body is your temple , and it 's a great couple of days for worship ! try to prepare your food as though you were a religious monk celebrating the deity of pleasure : fresh fruits ( organic taste better ) , whole grains , and your favorite flavors . your body is a sacred ornament : polish it within and without with exercise ( yoga massages your internal organs ) and exfoliating baths ( oats and chopped pear is a great mixture to bring into the water and rub onto your skin ) . $ giving in to what you feel like doing every minute of the day can be a wonderful fantasy but not a very healthy practice ! having a body is a bit like having a job , and you can make this either the best or the most challenging job you ever have ! a regular , well thought - out program is recommended for a positive working relationship with your body . begin to notice whether you give your body a real vote in the daily decisions you make about your health . $ not every day is meant to be earth shattering . you may find yourself wanting some fizzy feeling that just is not there right now . breathe deeply , relax and consider the ebb and flow of it all . do something good for your health in preparation for the exciting times to come ! drink water , plan your meals ahead of time , get out there are do a little exercise . do not despair - the good times are just around the corner ! $ the planetary position today prompts you to center your mind through physical activity . yoga , stretching and running are all activities that require concentrated breathing , and this is recommended now . balance is everything . breathe in and breathe out . if your body is not on a regular schedule your mind will find it more challenging to handle decision - making and emotional communication . concentrate on eating at regular times and getting exercise at least three times a week . $ with today 's planetary position you are bound to feel some tension around getting what you want . you can try to ignore it , but in the end your frustration will only rise up with very little control . taking control is recommended - in your diet , your exercise regimen and your daily schedule . getting the rest you need determines your approach to daily life , so why not control your bedtime and wake up on the right side of the bed tomorrow ? $ today 's celestial configuration gives you more energy than you know what to do with . internally you may feel confused or frustrated , while externally you may seem radiant and glowing . do not let what others do or say influence your choices when it comes to your health . follow your own internal measure regarding what you eat and how much , if any , alcohol you take in . there is no one else but you who knows exactly what it 's like to be in your body . $ today 's aspects keep you feeling vulnerable for a little while . this vulnerability translates into a need to physically act out what you are feeling inside . there will be days when a challenging run or a boxing workout will release your energy in a positive way . other days yoga and a long hot bath will help you find inner balance . either way , you are paying attention to your body and that is important . $ the planetary alignment of the day creates an energy that gives you a chance to express your wildest dreams . what does this mean for your health ? perhaps it 's a moment when you will be able to envision what diet is right for your body . we can go an entire lifetime ignoring what our bodies truly need . only your inner voice can direct you to what is truly healthy for you . listen to your body for clues and heed the messages . $ today 's celestial atmosphere awakens your fiery nature , and you will want to find yourself in the gym or running on the trail to make the most of it ! the planetary configuration also says to keep variety in your life through alternating the kinds of physical activity you partake in . make the most of the high energy and take care not to let it run amuck by internalizing it and letting it mess with your emotional core . $ you will probably be frustrated by all the misfiring that goes on due to the celestial atmosphere prevailing today . this is a perfect opportunity to learn about yourself and how you respond to frustration . one thing to notice is how the food you eat supports you or sabotages you under circumstances of frustration . try to reduce your sugar intake and increase your intake of raw fruits and vegetables . meanwhile , drink plenty of water . with a healthy diet , what once frustrated you could become merely amusing . $ with the celestial atmosphere today , you are faced with balancing your emotional life to make things work in other areas of your life . the first thing you need to do is relax . breathe in deeply and let yourself feel the healing energy inherent in purposeful breathing . then look to see what is potentially threatening your overall sense of wellbeing . just taking the time to notice your feelings will often allow balance to settle over you . $ there is beauty in the air , and it 's going to make you feel good to notice it . take the time to notice the little things that are truly beautiful in your life . if you are watching your diet and making sure to consume only locally grown organic produce you can see the beauty in the simple nutrition you get from this food , for instance . what 's more , if you are preparing the food you eat for yourself and others , there is beauty in this communion . $ you need to be complimented on your energy ! much is made of the explosiveness your sign is associated with , but you are not often enough praised for the quality of initiation it brings , and which our planet could not survive without . you have the capacity to spark acts of initiation in others , and if approached with the right intention this can in affect change the world . the alignment at play today gives you a wonderful context in which to act for the greater good . $ the next six months will be greatly affected by the current planetary alignment . what you initiate now will determine who and what your life is about in the weeks to come - but not to worry ! it 's simply a matter of paying attention to what matters and not ignoring what is truly important . you just need to focus on your favorite priorities , such as health , job and good relationships with others , right ? $ the innovative energy of today 's aspect makes you feel optimistic about the future in many ways . you may be ahead of your time , however . concentrate on the here and now . give yourself the best possible present by tending to your physical needs . this means plenty of fresh drinking water , lots of good rest and lots of organic foods for your body . exercise keeps you full of positive energy that gets you where you want to go . $ the planets ' positions bring you back to what you were curious about a couple months back . it may have to do with a person you are intrigued by . whatever your heart feels , keep your body in tune by regular exercise and drinking plenty of water . you cannot follow your heart if your body is not ready to move ! rest will help balance your digestive and excretory systems , and that in turn will keep your energy pure for when you need it most ! $ the planetary alignment today has you feeling , if not your best , then at least very vivid this week ! there is some contentment to be had in knowing that you are a vibrant and emotional soul . to keep yourself healthy both physically and emotionally , do not skimp on the physical exercise this week . make it a priority to get some exercise that reinvigorates you , whether that 's walking , running , lifting weights or even gardening . whatever keeps your blood flowing is your highest priority . $ today there are positive aspects beginning for you - supporting you in your endeavors . this may alleviate the haunting sense that you are all alone . many people will be brought to greater sensitivity ( and necessary self - questioning ) by this transit , and the result of this is that you will feel more like part of the gang around other people than you normally do . to accentuate this feeling of strength and self - confidence , you are encouraged to go to the gym , if possible , and build your upper - body strength . $ today 's aspect gives you a feeling of unrest - psychologically more than physically . in fact , if you use exercise to beat back the sense of malaise that this transit can cause , you will be the better for it . the celestial configuration brings about self - interest and insensitivity in people - two qualities that rub you the wrong way . for your own sake , focus on yourself and treat your body the way you would like the earth to be treated - kindly , gently , and with respect . $ today 's planetary alignment means you will have the occasional logistical mess to contend with . no one is more forgiving than you when it comes to human error , so be sure to turn some of that compassion towards yourself when you become frustrated ! to ward off any mounting frustration , consider working out more rather than less often . use the stress to stay aware of what you need . do not look away because that is when disaster strikes ! $ with today 's aspect comes a time to consider practical matters surrounding your ability to relate to people . if you are frustrated in areas of your life that do not involve relationships , then you are bound to bring that frustration into these relationships . in other words , concentrate on your body and wellbeing . give yourself the benefit of a healthy diet and plenty of rest . this will support you in other areas of your life . $ the atmosphere of the day is like having a very fast car to take you where you would like to go . where would you like to go ? while you 're deciding , make yourself into the best vehicle you can be for your spirit . healthy foods , plenty of rest , lots of water , and regular exercise are your ticket to a clear advantage . emotions will always be something for you to manage in your own time but stick to a plan when it comes to exercise . $ the best kind of exercise is exercise you enjoy . you may not feel like doing the same thing every day , but it is sometimes easier to follow a routine . just make sure that what you do is appealing enough so that you do not skip your workout . you are prone to emotional intensity and you cannot let that determine whether or not you get to the gym ! maybe there is a friend who could work out with you , to add to the enjoyment . $ the aspect of the day creates a kind of harmony that gives you a peaceful feeling today . you may find others who feel the same way and by all means acknowledge it and encourage it . also , take a moment to check in with your body and notice where this feeling is coming from , where it is registered . that is a very special place in your body , and you may want to find some way of honoring it . applying a hot compress with fresh sage leaves would be lovely . $ there may be some conflict today between what you are willing to do for someone else and what you are willing to do for yourself . or the conflict could be at work and concern not only you but some office mates as well . whenever conflict rears its head there is opportunity for learning . to learn from conflict , we need to step back and get some perspective on it . deep breathing helps very much in this regard . keep aware of your breath and all will be well . $ today 's energy gives you some help in terms of expressing what you feel ; however , stay especially tuned in to the origin of your emotions . you may confuse yourself emotionally and transfer the frustrations of one relationship onto another . these are things that happen and can be acknowledged , but you may just as well want to spend some time by yourself these days . exercise is a great way to take some time for yourself while still feeling you 're a part of the world ! $ today 's aspect gives you a chance to express your playfulness with others . enjoy this transit by increasing the amount of exercise you do - remember that increased energy comes from increased exercise . this transit can also have long lasting effects on your close relationships . show people the warm and playful side of yourself , show your affection and open up to receiving affection from others . drink plenty of water to keep you present and able to feel your fullest . $ today you may feel like expressing yourself in the strongest and clearest way you know how but be careful ! when has this ever truly worked for you ? you sometimes confuse clear with aggressive and truth with opinion . you can risk scaring someone away this way . it 's important to learn to blend your perceptions with the understanding that everyone 's reality is personal . it may help you to see your own feelings as temporary and in flux . $ sagittarius is always ready to try something ( or someone ) new . you find it easier to say yes than no . you are responsible for what you bring into your life and consequences are very real . likewise , we are responsible to our bodies . what we eat is going to stick with us . you will feel what you let into your body for much longer than the time it takes to ingest it . pay special attention to this process and learn the benefits of saying no . $ you 're not as helpless as you think ! regardless of what you think cannot be undone - somewhere inside is the emotional courage it takes to change the direction of things . if it 's been a while since your last day of exercise , just do a little today : walk as much as you can , including walking to an appointment or grocery shopping instead of using a car or bus . remember every journey starts with a first step ! take some big , deep breaths and grant yourself the courage to take it . $ this is a good day for you in your close relationships . the energy is there to feel all the security you need , while at the same time acknowledging the reality that those closest to you may need a little space . whatever you can do to help this kind of experience along is recommended : have flowers delivered , take a deep breath when you do not have the words to express yourself , and wait to see what the other person has to say . this in itself can make you feel relaxed and well . $ it 's not going to be an easy day for you , especially if you skipped breakfast ! some protein with your next meal is recommended . you should give yourself the luxury of feeling grounded today , above all else . accomplishing this is different for everybody , but it 's safe to say that you would be better off having a home - cooked dinner than getting takeout , better off walking than traveling by car , and better off sleeping in your own bed than someone else 's - though that do not necessarily mean sleeping alone ! $ things may not be exactly as you want them today , but they are actually pretty good when you really think about it . it 's important to try to get a little perspective on things . cut yourself some slack about your appearance , for one thing . you have a lot of baggage ( we all do ) when it comes to your appearance , and you must remember that the most important things in life are on the inside of your body . with that in mind , give your inner organs the benefit of some aerobic exercise . $ you could be feeling social today , a positive shift from those days of contrariness you 've been experiencing . make sure that what you invite into your life is really what you want to keep . there is still the tendency to be extra - sensitive , and big surprises are waiting around certain corners . proceed with caution ! any unpredictability can be toned down by increasing your intake of iodine - rich foods : kelp and cucumber among them . maybe tonight is the night to indulge in your favorite sushi ! $ your desire to go astray is strong . you may feel drawn to the exact opposite of what you know is good for you . there is no judgment here , but a little awareness may help you over the next few weeks - a little bit of balance can go a long way . therefore , try to stay collected and calm , regardless of how hectic and confusing the day may be . if you want an ice cream cone , it would be better to jog to the store instead of taking the car ! $ today  's astral energy enhances your natural sense of being grounded . the neck , throat and thyroid gland are special areas of the body that you need to take especially good care of . the thyroid governs our weight and physical mass . the regular exercise you do will assist the thyroid in protecting your body against irregular weight gain or loss . pay special attention to your neck if you sit at a computer . be sure to stretch those muscles during the day . $ you can feel like the world 's most sensual person at times , and the planets support this kind of feeling . let your emotions guide you in creating a wholly nurturing environment around yourself . give yourself the right foods to feel your best and respect your body 's need for physical exercise and adequate rest . if you tend to look after other people 's needs , use today to identify the things that you so often go without . then fulfill your own needs first . $ today you can feel in tune with your most important emotions . you might attempt to focus your energy on creating affection instead of simply unleashing it . you need plenty of affection in your life in order to feel your best . when words fail , try to give yourself the opportunity to express your needs through affecting others in a positive light . you have a special connection to the economy . giving your time or money to a needy cause helps you feel pleasantly connected with the world . $ you will feel sympathetic to the underdog today . you may also feel so sensitive that you get your feelings hurt through some kind of misunderstanding . bolster your defense mechanisms with protective measures . sign up for an online self - defense class . look into the martial arts as a new form of exercise to integrate into your repertoire . give yourself the benefit of drinking plenty of water and substituting herbal tea for coffee every so often . echinacea and chamomile are recommended . $ balancing the need for emotional security with the drive for independence is an essential part of your life path . this process can be mirrored in how you approach exercise . the security of a daily routine is beneficial and reliable . the drive to do whatever you want , whenever you want can sometimes lead to a gap in progress . if you cannot make exercise happen some days , balance that out with lots of water and no coffee . $ the words you use today could have great impact . be honest and clear within yourself before you try to communicate . clear your mind by meditation or yoga , running , or spending some time organizing a messy desk . if you feel someone does not understand you , be the first to apologize for any miscommunication . you may feel that someone appears to misunderstand you on purpose ! keep your cool and just restate your feelings . try to navigate yourself so you avoid conflict today . $ when someone as talented as you are gets stuck behind a desk , it 's a crying shame . if you feel the creative artist inside kicking to be let out of the closet , open the door ! by all means this world needs another picasso , another simone de beauvoir . why not investigate the offers at the local college and see if a future online class in your preferred field would fit your schedule ? if you get pleasure from arranging flowers at home , then it 's time to put flowers in the family budget ! $ the current planetary aspect may have you feeling that there is no way to approach feelings without there being any trouble . you may experience other people 's feelings as obstacles , or somehow too much to deal with . your own feelings may seem out of reach or overwhelming . try to take some quiet time to center yourself and find your emotional core . any element 's hold on you is stronger when you are unaware of it , so try to pay attention to what you are feeling by getting some kind of exercise . $ when you set your mind to something , it is highly probable that you will succeed in what you set out to do . with today 's astral configuration , this is especially true if the something you have set your sights on is a virtuous goal . consider the goals you have set for yourself that involve your health . whether it 's diet , rest , or exercise , you will be supported by this aspect to fulfill and renew your commitment . $ the current planetary configuration recalls goals you set in the distant past . whatever you want to achieve in terms of your well - being is going to be more apparent to you . now you can access what your true wishes are : do you want to have more strength ? do you wish to sleep better ? do you want to be more energized but consume less caffeine ? whatever your desires are , get clear about them today in order to have a better chance of acting on them . $ once you have set your own health goals , you will inevitably compare your health habits to other people 's . this is natural in the beginning and can be either encouraging or discouraging . the goal is really to focus on yourself , and refrain from comparison or judgment . just take yourself and your goals seriously ! if it helps , write down your intentions for the day and check them off at night . reward yourself for healthy behavior - perhaps with a nice bubble bath ! $ when creating your healthy lifestyle , it 's important to set specific goals within a specific timeframe . be careful , however , not to over - estimate your goals or to expect immediate results . focus instead on taking some action each day , no matter how small . once you 've got this going , you will be able to shift the focus to what else is important to you . you may need more in your life to balance your personal health goals . is there a volunteer organization that appeals to you ? $ give yourself plenty of room today . your need for independence is high , as is your need to concentrate on yourself . you may worry about what others think of your behavior , but the truth is they have their own behavior to worry about . take action for your health today - that is how you will get your space , your concentration , and feel like you are making progress . remember , there is no step too small . choose to have choice in what you eat : organic is worth it ! $ there is a skip in your step today ! you have felt the struggle of the last few days , and it is a relief to relax and reflect on what you learned . you have brought the life of the body into focus , and you may want to open up to something new as a complement . aromatherapy is an ancient and subtle practice . many alternative markets carry aromatherapy materials . the essences of nasturtium , iris , and tansy can help you break through fixed attitudes and behavior patterns . $ if you can connect with the subtle process of growth , you will be able to get a lot out of each season . begin letting go of old , unnecessary behavior patterns and feel the gentle shifting inward , which is where you will find the next step . letting go is not an easy task , so it is important to keep your mind open to the new . you are only giving up in order to get something else , something hopefully healthier and happier for you ! $ if you are staying grounded and have been making headway in the choice of food you eat and your daily exercise practice , today may come and go with no great strain . if , on the other hand , you have been ignoring your body 's more subtle messages , you may receive a wakeup call . attention is required in order to live the healthiest way possible . address your body 's wishes as much as you possibly can . if you do not hear your body 's messages , you need to take the time to tune in . $ you may feel some extra energy today . the astral alignment is making us all more acutely aware of our needs ; there is an urgency to things emotional and a tendency to be overwhelmed . quiet your mind in order to find the perspective you need . it 's a good idea to make a plan for how the day and evening will go , and then stick to it . make yourself as comfortable as possible : pile on extra blankets and lots of fluffy pillows ! $ even though you may not feel like compromising today , it may be pretty hard to avoid ! instead of trying to do everything and as a result getting into a rut , keep your priorities at the top of your list throughout the day . remember that you are of little use to others if your own needs have gone unmet . what do you really need to accomplish ? your health needs should be among your highest priorities : good fresh food that you eat slowly is a must ! $ there is so much that you can do to enhance your day - to - day living experience ! fresh flowers in a blue and yellow color scheme can lift the spirits . a clean desk or a made bed makes you rest easier . equally important is the proper and diligent tending to your body . is your bathroom equipped with some great smelling shampoo or hand soap ? these small amenities can give you a sense of well - being when other parts of life are hectic . $ today you may feel a desire to satisfy your deepest urges . try to plan ahead : shop for dinner early and know what you want to prepare . make yourself healthy renditions of your favorite comfort foods you loved as a child . give into the urge to rest and nurture yourself , but in a healthy and conscious way . if it s possible to have others eating dinner with you , ask them to take a walk with you afterward . enjoy yourself and be enjoyed ! $ whatever you gave yourself yesterday in terms of food and exercise may not be appropriate for today . try to vary your behavior and still be conscious of the needs of the body . consider forms of exercise that you have never participated in : consider why this is - are there body issues that keep you from possibly enjoying certain forms of exercise ? today 's aspect assists you in probing these depths . try tapping into memories of early childhood experiences on the playground . $ today 's aspect at play gives you a leg up in exploratory thinking . the ability to recall early experiences or to examine body issues will be enhanced . try to use this aspect to heighten your awareness of your body . a challenging yoga workout will focus your mind and create space for new awareness to emerge . do not push yourself but stay on top of the exercise . accept any resurfacing memories or new self - knowledge without placing judgement . $ the planetary energy is challenging you to shift gears and ask yourself whether you actually feel as healthy as you want to feel : in your body , in your outlook on life , and in your relationships . there are things you can do to feel more comfortable in all of these areas - you 've just got to take a look at your situation and be honest with yourself . in order to feel the healthiest you possibly can , you have to first face your reality , today . $ today 's planetary alignment impels you to create structure and balance . you work out , you run , you eat right , you invest in holistic products , but what good is it all if you cannot have a cuddle on the couch with the living entity of your choice ? after all , this is what makes us feel whole and well . whether its love or friendship you have in your life at the moment , people or adored pets , do not forget your need for tenderness and intimacy . $ today 's transit is a lovely one for the sensually oriented . your body is your temple , and it 's a great couple of days for worship ! try to prepare your food as though you were a religious monk celebrating the deity of pleasure : fresh fruits ( organic taste better ) , whole grains , and your favorite flavors . your body is a sacred ornament : polish it inside and out with exercise ( yoga massages your internal organs ) and exfoliating baths ( oats and chopped pear is a great mixture to bring into the water and rub onto your skin ) . $ considering your options is as important a habit to acquire as is making decisions and taking action ! the planets are now aligned for this kind of process - are you ? whatever your health habits are , it 's a good time to eliminate the ones you no longer need . they get in the way of the process of progress . treat yourself to the physical pleasures of long walks and stretching your limbs ; forego the cheap stimulation of processed sugars and a high - carb diet . you will enjoy the results - i promise ! $ it 's not every day that you can open your mouth and like everything that comes out ! with today 's astral configuration , it might surprise you how easily you express yourself . most importantly , you will be able to hear your own inner voice telling you exactly what you need and when you need it . when you wake up in the morning and you hear i 'm thirsty , try to understand that the voice means water , not coffee ! listen well and give yourself what you need first . $ today 's energy has a great personal impact . the deeper you go to find your truth , the brighter you will shine . there is a tendency for you to be somewhat afraid of risk , to appear selfish and stubborn to others because of a fear of the unknown . give yourself the permission to explore yourself without fear . treat yourself to a deep tissue massage , if possible - the journey of relaxation and free association could be a gentle way to unlock what 's inside , just waiting to get out and enrich your life . $ being yourself is feeling pretty easy these days . there is not a lot of challenge in your relationship with yourself - it is with others that the challenges can be a bit out of the ordinary . concentrate on your own space : your relationship with yourself is the longest lasting one of your life and you must learn to take it seriously . nowhere is this reflected more truthfully than in your diet . are you giving yourself what you would give the most important person in your life ? $ for you , the energy emanating from the planets is crying out : look up ! look up from the comfort zone of your preferred pasture and check out what 's happening in the heavens above . there is possibility for new direction now . increase your flexibility : either at the gym , if possible , or in your working life . go places you normally do not go . wake up earlier and take invigorating walks to better acquaint yourself with the sunrise , when dark turns to light . your job is to be open . $ if you can tune into that song on the cosmic radio , you 'll find harmony and understanding . to help clear your antennae , pay attention to what you eat , what you drink , how much you rest and how much you exercise . these habits are the key to knowing what the future holds . if you can give yourself the time and care necessary to be as healthy as you can possibly be , you will be better able to serve others and the planet . $ the world has changed since last year , and no one of us is immune to changes occurring in our personal lives . giving has taken on new meaning : we must give of our minds , not our pocketbooks . we must open up to a new way of living with others . take this period of change seriously , and you will not be left behind . yoga is a wonderful practice for giving power to the mind to show the body a new way of being . $ today you can evaluate and act with fluency . the greatest benefit of this special energy will come from focusing on yourself , not others . what is right for you in any given situation is up to you to decide . to prepare for making good dietary decisions , stock your house with healthy foods - and give yourself lots of choices . there are many ways to have healthy diet - fresh juices , colorful salads , expertly prepared tofu . these options take considerable effort , but the payoff is worth it , do not you think ? $ we are born to hope and dream . in order to encourage these beautiful qualities , we are charged with nurturing our bodies and listening to ourselves . a regular exercise regimen gives you the presence of mind to figure out your next step in life . the amount and quality of rest you give yourself is directly proportionate to your ability to know and get what you want . when you take these issues seriously , you are living to the best of your abilities . $ you may feel conflicted right now between knowing what you want to do and mustering up what it takes to make it happen . the key is actually to let it happen ! now is the time for planning and quiet inner work . in today 's 24 7 world we lose touch with the natural progression of things and feel stymied by process , frustrated by waiting , and unsatisfied by hoping . if you want to see immediate change , double your intake of water and watch what happens ! $ there is a lot of energy whirling around these days , but you have the benefit of grounded energy if you choose to use it (  ' use it or lose  ' it most definitely applies ! ) . you may want to increase your intake of water and decrease your intake of caffeine and carbonated substances . steer away from heavy foods and keep your natural energy well - positioned by eating homemade soups and salads prepared fresh with seasonal vegetables . these minor efforts can have maximum effect . $ this is a wonderfully inspired period enabling you to make plans for the future . this includes designing a house , planning a trip , or outlining a health regimen for the next three months . you have all that you need : determination , precision , creativity , and vision . use your energy like an antenna reaching out into your future . how do you want to look and feel in 3 short months ? use your determination and skills to make it happen ! $ the heavy atmosphere initiated by today 's aspect can be deflected by your pleasure - loving nature , but it is not always as easy as you might think ! generally , it 's easier to say yes than no , as it is more pleasing to fulfill rather than disappoint . however , saying no can give you the freedom to get what you really want . therefore , pleasure is not always easy to come by . consider this challenge when you are faced with your dietary choices : it comes down to a yes or a no . $ try to give to yourself before you give to others . meaning , focus on your wellness before you try to benefit from giving a sense of well - being to others . it is not easy but is an important ability to cultivate . on any given day ask yourself what you 've done for yourself : a nice refreshing run in the fresh air , particularly healthy meals and lots of water , a decision to have an early night for a good rest . these are the things that truly matter . $ use today 's planetary energy to get yourself moving ! the physical portrait for you is downward dog . if you are not familiar with this very popular yoga position , it 's like doing a push - up but hoisting your rear - end straight up toward the ceiling , so your body makes an upside down v , with only your hands and feet touching the floor . this posture releases all the tension in your neck and shoulders , where you tend to feel it most ! $ with so much of our self - esteem invested in our body image , it is the wise one who takes care to maintain his or her physical health . your underlying philosophy about health corresponds to your self - esteem . it 's the little things that matter . for instance , do you own a water bottle that you can take with you when you drive a car or take public transportation ? do you floss twice a day to keep your gums healthy ? by tomorrow make your answers yes ! $ many of us follow the diet if i can still fit into my jeans , i 'm ok - which is not the diet for optimum health . you may want to look a little deeper into what you can be doing for your health these days . you are far more capable than simply putting on a pair of pants when it comes to your health ! keep health flowing into your life by drinking water - something you can do at any time of day ! $ today 's transit creates a time of high emotional sensitivity . you might feel like curling up and staying close to home . the things that give you security will stand out . follow your heart but try to stay focused on your wellness program as well . in other words , if you are not in the mood to pump iron , at least give yourself plenty of hot herbal tea . rose hips tea will help keep your energy moving in a positive direction . $ your focus and determination are consistent qualities that others admire in you . you will admire them as well if you put them to the most personal use - your body . be rigid and demanding toward what you allow in your diet . only the best will do ! be narrow - minded and exacting about getting adequate rest . it is your best defense against the unpredictability of life ! your natural qualities can actually shape a very sensitive and gentle human being : you . $ your own health is the greatest investment you will make in your life . how have you been doing so far ? what are your plans for the future ? if you have not thought about your health as an investment , it 's time to start . what other asset have you got that affects every single waking hour ? consider breath . how you breathe effects your sleep , your digestion , the way you walk , the way you talk , the way you make love - need i say more ? yoga also helps a great deal . $ today 's planetary movement exerts an energy that might make you feel like your dreams are just out of reach . do not let this feeling discourage you , as it is only temporary . use the transit to get in touch with what you really want , so that you are able to take appropriate steps toward achieving that . the body is a lump of clay , remember ? you are the artist who shapes it . as an artist , give yourself plenty of love and encouragement . $ wanting something has usually led you to getting it , do not you find ? you have a tenacious grasp on the earthly realm , and when it comes to goal setting you are among the most impressive . when it comes to your body , your approach may need to be a little more flexible . although you tend to strive for perfection , remember that the human condition is very fluctuating , and you need to make room for the days you just will not be able to live up to your stringent expectations . take it easy on yourself . $ today 's transit makes you feel relaxed and easy going . this is a wonderful feeling , as long as you keep yourself active - it can quickly turn gluttonous and lazy if you are not careful ! short , intense workouts are favored so that you can burn off the steam that naturally builds up throughout the day without excuses ! stay away from heavy foods like bread , dairy and red meat . enjoy fresh produce , soups and legumes for energy that will not slow you down . $ when the time comes to act on something you 've been thinking about , you just know . ignoring this impulse leads to bad places : frustration , depression and listlessness among them . waking up to your inner voice is a practice . this practice should be the norm , as it has the power to shape your life . to help keep yourself closely attuned to your inner voice , it is wise to do regular physical exercise and to eliminate harmful dietary habits . $ there is a lot of pampering that you can give yourself without having to break the bank , you just need to spend a little time exploring what you like . perhaps there are certain essential oils in your medicine cabinet such as tangerine and grapefruit , that you find lifts your mood . if you have access to a bathtub , an epsom salt bath with a few drops of essential oil is an inexpensive way to bring calm to your nervous system and overly tense muscles . maybe you can give your adrenals and digestive tract a rest by switching from coffee to delicious teas that have a lower or no caffeine content . there are also several apps available these days that offer hypnosis , guided meditation , and bedtime stories designed to help you drift off to sleep . $ discipline is something you take for granted : you 've never had a problem understanding what it takes to get from a to b . however , it 's important to believe in what you set out to do . given that you have such powerful disciplinary abilities , why not take yourself in the direction you want to go ? start with a light self - massage or heating pad applied to your neck and shoulders , or any other area of your body where you store tension , and let the clear thinking begin ! $ all of this sheltering in place may have finally triggered or reinvigorated your latent nesting instinct . it 's important to heed this feeling and to do everything you can to make your home a comfortable and nurturing environment . hopefully , you already have all the wonderful things you need to make a healthy dinner at home . make it a night for you and your body : soothing , nurturing , and restful . $ one of the most important parts of relating to your own body is making sure you get adequate rest . on especially busy days when you feel pulled in many directions , it 's crucial that you calm your mind before you go to bed . a hot bath with drops of lavender is a wonderful way to accomplish mental and physical relaxation . $ whatever the source of discomfort in your life , today is giving you an opportunity to put your finger on it . this can be a frustrating planetary transit for some of you , others will find it enlightening or even amusing . open yourself up to change and release your grip on things that you know should go . this pertains to unhealthy eating habits , and laziness . your body governs how you feel to a large extent : give it the respect it deserves ! $ today 's planetary alignment creates a tension that you feel in your stomach area . this does not necessarily mean a stomachache ! it is more like a weakening of the will ( i . e . , your gut instinct ) . this aspect can present itself in a variety of ways : over - sleeping , over - eating , or forgetting to express your emotional truth to those with whom you 're in relationship . to counter these detrimental forces , concentrate on one healthy habit : drinking plenty of water over the next few weeks . $ try to see two sides of every issue today . the cosmic energy may lead you to the mirror , where you may be tempted to be scrutinizing and unforgiving . be gentle with yourself : remember that it is what you tell yourself , and not what others say , that most affects how you feel ! and you feel good if you accept yourself as you are and do your bit to stay healthy . you may use this energy to recognize and appreciate what works in your life . if your legs work , use  'em ! $ you 'll feel like indulging a bit today and that 's ok as long as you also do something to counteract your indulgence of choice . if it 's ice cream , for example , understand that lactose is difficult to break down and it also causes mucous build - up , so drink an extra lot of water to counteract these effects . if it 's taking a break from exercise , make today the day that you get to bed early so you are refreshed for tomorrow . $ your energy level may be below normal , but you can still feel connected to the excitement of living a healthy life . today 's aspect asks you to focus on your diet - you could especially benefit from eating fresh vegetables and pureed soups at this time . try to lighten up your diet by introducing legumes and fish as alternates to carbohydrates and meat . be sure to enhance your energy level with regular exercise - even if that means just stretching out on the living room floor ! $ there are many ways to come at a problem , and you are one to take perhaps the more confrontational approach , which can be really effective sometimes , but at other times difficult . today 's aspect asks you to quiet down in the face of a problem and really grasp the issues upon which everything hinges . ask yourself whether you get enough exercise , and if the answer is no just accept that for a moment . do not confront yourself with excuses ! just think about it . $ think about your most typical response to conflict and ask yourself what you would change if given the chance . this is not an easy question . the planetary configuration is going to present a situation ( or two ) which will require you to work something out . you do not have to make things perfect , but you will want to understand your role in whatever happens . what you do physically during this time will color your behavior . drink plenty of water ! $ watching the world go by will not suffice for you these days . you want more action , more involvement in things , more people to communicate with : more , more , more ! this is an effect of today 's aspect that will last for a couple of days . take this energy burst with a grain of salt because you may not feel like following through on everything you start during this phase . you would be wise to stick with your regular exercise regimen . $ creating a balance in your emotional life right now will be a priority . to help you do this , concentrate on what you eat . there must be a minimum of processed sugar in your diet if you are to feel your true emotions without the fluctuation caused by artificial preservatives . try to eliminate one dietary habit that do not help your emotional balance . soda pop is definitely one of those things . candy of course is another . notice the little things that damage your diet . $ with the current celestial energy , you will be learning the lesson of compromise . it 's not all about getting what you want - it 's about getting what you need ( to paraphrase a british rock star ) . you do not have to learn the hard way if you do not want to . the path to enlightenment begins with the body , and if you commit yourself to your body 's health , you will learn what you truly need in spiritual ways as well . $ you can give to others without sacrificing your own health . and , if you take your health seriously , you know that every decision we make throughout the day has to do with our health . so , if your friends want to meet for coffee and talk - go for it but order herbal tea if you are trying to minimize your caffeine intake ( a good idea these days ) . if it 's pasta night , have two servings of salad . $ there is a planetary configuration now that might force you to look at your whole approach to physical health and say yuck ! or c  ' mon , let 's step it up ! be appreciative of the insights you have when you feel upset with things because there is much to be said for starting over with a new approach . one small step that is important for you to take , is a serious look at posture especially when you are at your desk . this can help you to avoid back and shoulder pain . $ you are greatly supported by the planetary energies on the emotional side of things but over the last few months you might have also found yourself putting on some extra weight . look not into the mirror but into your heart and mind to discover what the cause might be for this change in your body . there is no need to worry about your appearance because beauty is honesty , and if you are honest with yourself you do not need to pass judgment . $ the beauty in daily life is accentuated by today 's planetary alignment , and you must reach out and touch it ! put yourself in the position to be a part of things that are beautiful to you . health is one beautiful part of life that you can enjoy to a greater degree than you have been doing under this transit ! bestow upon yourself the extra care that makes your skin glow , your body feel alive , and that puts your mind at ease . $ your loving character will bring out the best in those around you . your compassion and willingness to be with others in the here and now will brighten the lives of those you touch . in order to keep yourself going in a healthy and positive direction , look to yourself each day and make sure you have what you need to feel your best . this most likely means staying away from dairy products and getting the exercise your strong body needs . $ when it 's time to communicate to those you love , you sometimes get a feeling that is unmistakable . there is something you want to say , and you feel it stubbornly stuck in your heart ! sometimes we resist our true impulses because of fear . this fear is perfectly natural , but it can get in the way . one way to work around fear is to stay in good ( even great ) physical condition . stay physically fit and you will be much better off in your close relationships . $ the planetary aspect of the day provides you with useful energy . those little things you want to accomplish but somehow never do will seem easy to manage if you open up to the creative energy available to you now . you generally want to feel safe and secure . therefore , try making your workout predictable and simple enough to do every day . this way you will be able to accomplish your elusive health goals without difficulty . $ today 's aspect means you 're going to stop to smell the roses whether you like it or not . bend down and tie your shoelaces . pull over and check the map . get into the groove of whatever daily life means to you and just be here now . it 's not a time to initiate brand new projects , but rather a time to check in with how you feel about current projects . regarding your diet , you may want to check whether you 're eating enough fruits and vegetables . $ there is conflict between your internal and external power sources while today 's planetary transit lasts . pay attention to conflict and try to use it to your benefit . with your nature , this can be a challenge . when faced with a conflict , ask yourself what is your desired result ? a little bit of forethought can mean the difference between a breakthrough and a breakdown . to calm your nerves during these moments of conflict , drink chamomile tea , and do not forget your exercise . $ with today 's planetary positioning , there is potential for expanding your world in innovative and creative ways . the celestial energy relates to the body today . can you see how your body might benefit from this atmosphere ? a light fast , perhaps , or a new approach to food altogether could come out of this transit . look at your physical condition and focus your intention on what you would like to change most radically . then go for it ! $ the powerful planetary alignment is all you need to feel at the top of your game ! not only that , the celestial atmosphere is backing you up with some serious fire power . now all you need to do is keep moving : keep your exercise regimen going and drink plenty of water to keep your internal systems running smoothly . if you do not manage this energetic phase with discipline and hydration , things could go a little haywire . $ the planetary alignment creates an energy under which that which you hold most dear can seem to slip away . note that this is usually more illusion than reality . your job is to behave in such a way that holds what is most dear to you in focused perspective regardless of your anxiety , worry and fear . in other words , do not to overdramatize ! to help you stay centered , take your breathing more seriously than you normally do . breathe deeply for five minutes a few times daily . $ today 's aspect will make you extra aware of what you need - the basics , such as food , sleep and love . if you are not getting enough of any of these things , or getting too much of one , then you will come to know it during the current transit . there may be some challenges you need to deal with that will at first seem frustrating , but after the initial shock , you will benefit from knowing that you 've faced an issue . $ today 's aspect gives you plenty of fire power to burst through any uncomfortable bonds that may have previously held you down - and plenty of creative energy to plan for a brilliant future ! this is a great time to get ahead at work , find a new job or simply improve your way of life . speaking of which , there is no excuse to be a couch potato unless you are seriously ill or otherwise impaired ! $ the aspect of the day gives you a feeling that anything is possible - and it is . but you are reminded by your body every day that whatever you do is greatly enhanced by a feeling of physical vitality . take that i can do anything energy and apply it to your workout or exercise regimen . plan your exercise for the week and stick to it , knowing that if you feel physically vital you are more likely to succeed . likewise , eat for success ! $ another pleasant transit gives you the ease of getting what you want without stepping on other people 's toes . however , you have to know what you want in order to get it , and that 's where the work comes in . centering yourself has to be part of your daily program . exercise is a great way to do this . so is actively managing your diet so that you know what to expect from what you eat . $ today 's transit brings out your softer side - you may want to stay close to your kids today or stay home from work if possible . you can also explore your soft side while at work , by listening to your co - workers and showing them that you care , or by being supportive . in any case , it 's important to emphasize your soft side because there is also room for conflict if you harden up and show low tolerance for people or situations . to stay loose and avoid processed sugar . $ today 's planetary alignment benefits communication in almost every aspect of your life . the key is to understand the principle of brotherly love . if you seek to understand , rather than be understood , you will be greatly assisted by this transit . to prepare your mind and ears for listening , take some deep breaths and hold for a second or two before exhaling nice and long . this gets the blood flowing around your head and supports your thought processes . $ today 's aspect gives you a fresh burst of fiery energy to complement your already fiery nature . look at yourself in the mirror and notice what a radiant smile you have , what an outgoing personality you have to charm people with . these are all blessings that you can be thankful for . your greatest blessing however is good health . are you eating plenty of healthy things each and every day ? nothing will make you feel better than a balanced diet . $ given your ability to see two sides to everything ( if not more ) , today will feel a bit extreme . use your energy to prepare yourself for unforeseen needs : stock the refrigerator with fresh , healthy food , run the errands pertaining to your health , and organize your bathroom cabinets so that you have what you need in case you get sick . if you feel prepared , you will feel more secure . also - this is not a good day to make or break commitments . $ whatever the source of discomfort in your life , today is giving you an opportunity to put your finger on it . this can be a frustrating planetary transit for some of you , others will find it enlightening or even amusing . open yourself up to change and release your grip on things that you know should go . this pertains to unhealthy eating habits , and laziness . your body governs how you feel to a large extent . give it the respect it deserves ! $ today might feel like an all work and no play day . discipline and routine are not your favorite combination . however , if you 've got some work to do on your body , such as stopping some poor habits and starting some new , good ones , you 'll find it easier to do today . find some inspiring recipes online and plan a few meals for the week . by trying something new and healthy , you 'll be accomplishing something important and making it fun at the same time . $ you are calling the shots today . your psychic ability to read other people 's thoughts is especially accurate . nothing helps you more , physically or emotionally , than breathing exercises . running or other aerobic exercise , like yoga , will give you a big lift today . breathing will help with your timing , too . when you keep track of your own breath , you know when to inhale and when to exhale , and in turn you can more intuitively know when to say something and when to remain silent . $ your dreams and intuition meet head - on with your will to succeed and your drive . but maybe you do not really have a goal in mind that would benefit from this kind of energy . that 's fine ; all you need to do today is listen to your inner voice and take notes . there 's nothing that says you must decide anything now . but you may want to anticipate the decisions you know are coming up . this will help you to be prepared . $ i would not be surprised if you shed some tears today . who ever said it 's wrong to cry ? do you pretend you 're not feeling anything at all when you are overwhelmed ? if today is indeed a day that finds you crying , be happy ! blocked emotions weigh you down and make it hard for you to feel alive . if you can make it to a gentle yoga or a meditation class , it would help you to explore some unexpressed emotions you might not even know are there . $ try to pay special attention to the health of your lungs at this time . i recommend avoiding cigarette smoke and visualizing whirled peas ! ( get it ? ) peas are rich in thiamin ( vitamin b1 ) - exactly what you need to regulate the health of your lungs . also , communication with your co - workers and other day - to - day relationships will be challenging today . you may feel you are being perfectly clear and even tolerant , but some people just do not seem to get it ! if you find yourself bottling up your frustrations , try visualizing yourself in the world you wish to create , and do not be discouraged by the ineptitude of those around you . $ do not let the turkeys get you down . when the going gets tough , the tough get going . all these clichés apply right now , even though you may not take them seriously ! if you find yourself in need of some attitude medicine , try the following : brew parsley , peppermint and skullcap ( an herb you can find in a health food store or online ) in a pot with some water . keep the mixture in a jar in the fridge . take a few sips before sleep or pour some into a hot bath . $ the planetary energy makes your quick - witted and clever mind more alert than usual . you may benefit from a little healthy common sense . give in to your best intentions when it comes to your physical and emotional well - being . watch out for distracting tendencies such as doing things for other people . yoga could be just what you need to balance the impulse to go in many directions at once . do not forget to drink lots of water . $ there is more to staying fit than eating right and exercising . you can benefit from paying closer attention to everything in your life : how clean is your car ? do you make your bed every morning ? how long do you go without doing the laundry ? these things affect how you perceive life , whether it is easy or hard , even going as far as whether you are optimistic or pessimistic . today 's positioning of the planets supports the general inquiry into these finite parts of life . use the force ! $ you are an excellent friend , although you can easily become over - extended ! the ability to see and understand the motivations of others can end up making you confused about where you stand , personally . give yourself some undivided attention today and quiet your inner voice . yoga is an excellent way of doing this while also strengthening your lungs and nervous system through deep breathing . why not dedicate some of your energy to yourself ? you 'll appreciate the enhanced concentration that is a side effect of yoga . $ if you are having trouble concentrating , you may need to exercise your body and give your mind a rest . bikram yoga is recommended , but not for the faint of heart ! be sure to drink plenty of water before and during this intense practice . alternatively , you may want to request a deep tissue massage from someone at home - the longer the better ! give yourself the pleasure and benefit of a deeply relaxing physical experience . follow - up with the healing effects of sage leaf : either in food , or you can use sage oil on your skin . $ you may feel like you 're at the top of your game . the planetary alignment gives you the support you need to express your complex emotions : you find words work well for you when you talk about your feelings . it 's not always necessary to talk to someone else , though . try having a conversation with yourself to sort out your feelings when you are running or doing strength training . it 's helpful to clarify your thoughts and feelings while you work out . $ you may find yourself involved in a deep conversation today . there is room for unusual expression - humorous , perhaps , or surprising in other ways . it 's important to stay grounded and fly under the radar so that you do not get flooded . stay in tune with your body , as you may experience unusual hunger , or crave some unusual taste or spice . follow your instincts and gratify yourself , explore the new . also , try to be in bed early tonight . your body will appreciate the extra rest . $ it will be in your best interest today to participate fully in what you do . turn on your inner light and work to the best of your abilities , and i assure you it will be appreciated . treat yourself with the same focused attention . give yourself the full benefit of a little exercise , a special meal that nourishes your body , and a nice relaxing time before bed to calm your thoughts and reflect on your day . these recommendations could keep you out of trouble ! $ given the current astral energy , you might be hearing the voice ringing in everyone 's head : enough ! i want what i want , and i want it now ! if this brings apprehension , it 's because the day 's planetary aspect is not through with you yet . whatever the limitations you have been incorporating into your life may be , they need to be closely examined . ask yourself if you are doing the best that you can in your self - care , particularly when it comes to your health . $ you are a curious and bright individual , so try to harness these qualities and apply them to your diet this month . over the next several months , you will need to look at your bodily systems and treat them with care . available produce will change - are you interested in what 's available , and where you can get it ? the price of organic produce is a little higher - are you curious as to why , and whether or not you think it 's worth it ? begin to inform yourself on these and other diet - related issues . $ the more information you have about the food you put into your body , the better your decisions will be , and the better you will feel overall ! find out what is important to you about the food you eat - beyond taste ! are there agricultural communities in your area ? if so , be aware of what they produce and how they do it . knowledge about food and how it is grown becomes more and more important and it will change the way you eat , the supplements you decide to take , and generally enhance your awareness about what your body needs . $ part of your nature is to see both sides of an issue . another part of your nature is to be blind to the issue altogether because you have over - extended yourself . in other words , the real issue can sometimes get lost in the many perspectives you are able to see . this is why routine is so vital to your sign - routine in the most basic sense . try to strengthen your routine by exercising every day and planning your meals ahead of time . spontaneity should fall within structure . $ there are , thankfully , many ways to keep routine and structure interesting . if you are someone who enjoys yoga , there are many different methods to choose from , and different positions to choose from within one method . if you enjoy running or walking , there are as many paths to take as there are days in the year . keep variety as part of your routine so that you do not get bored . it 's best to limit your choice of times , however : choose a morning and an evening time and alternate between them . $ are you familiar with the phrase beginner 's luck ? it is typical for you to grasp very quickly the point of a given exercise - but also to tire of it just as quickly . for instance , if you have been somewhat regular about diet and exercise , you will feel the effects almost immediately . however , that positive effect will also make you feel like it 's ok to slacken your routine . resist this tendency by incorporating more elements into your healthy regimen : get to bed earlier and wake up earlier ! $ regularity in practice is the answer to almost all of your health concerns . you will benefit tremendously from a regular yoga practice , running , or gym workout . exercise can be almost a religious practice for some , for it relieves the nervousness and anxiety that plague everyday living . finding a reason for the health regimen you keep is a good idea . this is a good time to ask yourself , what is health all about for me ? $ keep asking yourself what health means to you , even if you 've found it impossible to stick to any kind of routine lately ! asking the question an important step in doing those healthy things , because in order to commit you need understanding . for you especially , there has got to be a connection between the heart and the mind ( it beats the running around in circles game ! ) . keep investigating where the food you eat comes from . $ there is a sensitivity to your spirit that is often overlooked ! with so much distraction in the world , you must become very aware of your attention so that you can focus it on yourself . focus is a great aspect of yoga , especially focus on the breath . breathing exercises are a wonderful and a simple skill to learn . yet it is not so easy to stick to regular breathing exercises . greater control over your own attention will increase the quality of your life immeasurably . $ awareness can lead to two very different places : confusion and clarity . when you become more aware of what you need in your life , and you clearly go for it , you find clarity . resistance , however , leads to confusion . when you feel confused , respect yourself and the process of working through it by staying with the confusion until you have experienced some sort of shift . your own practice of either meditation or light exercise will be your guide . talk rarely accomplishes anything ; being with yourself more consciously is what 's required . $ today 's planetary aspect is a dynamic one for many signs . you can give something your best shot and either succeed or fail , but it 's how you feel about yourself in the process that will tell you what sort of day you 're having ! accept yourself unconditionally ; continue with your regular practice of exercise and a healthy diet no matter what . only then will you see that the way you feel is largely determined by how you treat yourself . $ a breakthrough and a breakdown have more similarities than differences . there is much to learn from failure , and much to consider once success has been achieved . you cannot do enough to instill within yourself a core of regularity . perhaps this is already recognizable in your life , but could it be a healthier core ? if morning coffee is a ritual , would you consider changing to tea ? green tea ? if the pattern is to be 5 minutes late , can you change it to 5 minutes early ? $ you may secretly consider that doing something halfway is good enough . well , it 's time to blow that little secret out of the water - the only person you are really fooling is yourself ! begin regulating your behavior and noticing when you drift away from your intended goals . it 's quite likely that you are setting your sights too high . try reducing your workout time , easing up on your diet , and building the habit of regularly accomplishing what you set out to do . $ when you have your own health practice in order , it is easier to deal with those day to day obstacles . but too often , we let the obstacles determine our health practice . if only there was a way to have perspective when you need it the most - there is ! keeping discipline in your routine is the best way to overcome the confusion that settles in when the going gets tough . when all else fails , a hot bath does wonders for both body and mind ! $ the planetary alignment is emphasizing your emotions . if you set the stage properly , this brief transit will allow you to see more clearly into your mind . set the stage with yoga , rest , exercise and a mindful diet . allow yourself to know what you 've been avoiding - ask for awareness so that you can progress along your personal path . it 's important to eschew all inner judgment . the self cannot make itself known amidst judgment . be the rock that you wish others could be for you . $ today 's transit will have you wondering if you will possibly manage to get to everything you need to do on time . if you are focusing on your relationships , you may find that you put more pressure on yourself than you need to . as always , use communication to relax your expectations , so that you are not distracted from what 's really important . if you are feeling a little extra tension , it would be a good idea to drink copious amounts of water . $ today 's aspect can make you feel like every decision you make is all important . this kind of pressure can be difficult and confusing at times . of course , what you eat and how much you exercise and whether you sleep well ( and enough ) are all important . but feeling like the decisions you make today are binding is a counter - productive force . allow the feelings to come up and acknowledge any pressure you feel . remember that nothing stays the same forever - including the position of the planets ! $ try to see two sides of every issue today . the cosmic energy may lead you to the mirror , where you may be tempted to be scrutinizing and unforgiving . be gentle with yourself : remember that it is what you tell yourself , and not what others say , that most affects how you feel ! and you feel good if you accept yourself as you are and do your bit to stay healthy . you may use this energy to recognize and appreciate what works in your life . if your legs work , use  'em ! $ you see what needs to change in your life , and you are the only one to make the changes . this is an opportune time to literally be the architect of your world . with the alignment at play today , change is probable in places you never would have thought possible . to help keep your energy high , try reducing the calories in your diet . start by eating lighter meals , and then try to include some of the following in your meals : peas , fennel , parsley , whole grains and pistachio nuts ( good for the lungs ! ) . $ getting what you want may seem easy these days , with the astral energy at play . seem is the important word here . it is all too easy to make ourselves believe that what we get is really what we want , and this is especially true for you . we must take the time to really know what we want . some form of quiet is necessary in order to foster this skill . yoga is a lovely combination of inner and outer strength building . actually , any exercise that challenges you is recommended . $ you are impressionable and easily stimulated . with today 's planetary energy , you are apt to succumb to sensual impulses that are not always in your best interests : staying up late eating ice cream is one way to conjure up what i 'm talking about ! the cosmic climate adds to the dreamy lack of boundaries that is at once seductive and also trouble inducing . enjoy yourself , but do not give up on your commitments - if you can still work out three times a week , you 're not a total goner ! $ having a walk on the wild side ? if you are , it 's probably got something to do with the minor revolution happening in the skies . the planetary alignment makes you a willing participant ! watch as your pleasure principle meets your conscience . it can be a critical test to see if you know where your boundaries are , and if you can prevent them from being trespassed . your healthy habits should be able to survive the unpredictable - take notice of how your diet and exercise are affected this week ! $ doubt or second - guessing can be a challenge for you . doubt is a lot like panic - if you get excited it tends to get worse , not better . and you usually do not realize what triggers the excitement . it is important , therefore , to continue practicing a schedule that keeps your body and mind healthy and balanced . if you can manage to do this , it will help you withstand doubt and , eventually , to really know your own mind . $ we want to bring out the best in ourselves , but we are often afraid of the monsters that guard the inner sanctum . in your case , these monsters are anxiety , worry , nervous exhaustion , fear , restlessness and hyperactivity . flower essences help calm these menacing obstacles . you could respond well to morning glory , lavender , blackberry , white chestnut and mimulus . look for essences at your local health food store . put any combination ( 2 - 4 drops total ) in your bath or on your pillow before bed . $ the current planetary configuration impels you to examine your life with a healthy perspective . you could be working on a plan of how you would like to live your life over the next 25 years . you must endeavor to make your health choices consciously , for your bodies is the very structure in which you live ! give yourself all the help you need in figuring out what works best for you in terms of diet and exercise and create a balance that enhances your well - being . $ your inner and outer selves are engaged in a great dialogue these days . it may seem like you have a radio inside your head ! this is something many of us feel right now . to understand what is being said , it is important to follow some rather strict guidelines : exercise enough so that you are tired enough to fall asleep early enough ! the sleep you get during the current transits is vital . your mind needs plenty of rest in order to sort out all the information at hand . $ wonderful transits are occurring these days to allow for personal growth . emotional material that has been ignored or repressed may come up . to manage this kind of awakening , it is important to stay physically active so that mental energy does not dominate you . committing to some kind of aerobic exercise at least three times a week will help you immeasurably . drinking a whole lot of water will also help you flush out those toxins - both physically and symbolically . $ your creative nature is nurtured by aerobic exercise . activities such as running , swimming and yoga will strengthen your lungs and enhance the mercurial juices that are your lifeblood . giving yourself what you need can become a matter of debate if you allow your diet and exercise regimens to go unscheduled . your mind will strike up a discussion with your evil twin about what you really need - it can sound like this : chocolate cookies ? running ? chocolate cookies ? running ? make a schedule and stick to it . $ the structure in which to play and work was all organized for you in kindergarten . this is not to belittle any feelings you may have of being out of control - it is to remind you of the importance of structure . the present planetary configuration helps you to set the necessary boundaries - whatever is right for you - for your health . structure needs to be flexible but very , very strong . try to enjoy the process of integrating structure into your life . $ with so much energy in the air , it might be challenging to see the forest for the trees . one the one hand you thrive on perspective , and on the other you tend to focus on one goal at a time . use the current celestial energy to build a healthy structure in your life . take yoga , for example : go out and get yourself a mat , water bottle , etc . organize your time so that you can practice a few times a week . use the perspective and determination you gain to make progress . $ today 's planetary alignment will help you slow down your incessant thought process . you take a studied approach to things , and if you pay attention to how your friends make their way up the mountain of life , it is slow and steady . this works for many ! in fact , the more slowly we do things , the more beneficial it is to our health ! eating slowly aids the metabolism , lowering weights slowly gives you a better work out , and driving slowly helps everyone . $ when you think it 's time to take a break from your workout , think twice . days of rest are extremely important , to be sure , but ask yourself whether you 're just bored of the usual and want something new . this is not the same as your body asking for a day of rest : it 's your mind wanting a new activity ! begin to develop variety in your workout routine so that you may respond to this impulse with compassion and discipline - a very healthy combination ! $ you can be quick to the punch , but sometimes miss the emotional point . try to slow yourself down today by doing deep breathing exercises . the benefit of knowing what you are feeling can save you and those close to you some hurt feelings when you accidentally speak too soon . doing yoga focuses more on breathing than others do . investigate which poses work best for releasing the blocked energy in your breathing patterns . $ the best way to keep yourself focused on your health is through positive reinforcement . there are ups and downs in keeping a health regimen that will need to be met with a rigorous attitude . but in addition to a rigorous attitude , you must pamper yourself as well ! after a long hard workout , consider it mandatory to take a soothing hot bath with lots of bubbles and candles ( or whatever makes it special for you ) . your body is influenced by positive reinforcement . $ waking up feeling good is a priceless feeling . to make this happen more often , take extra care at bedtime . floss and brush your teeth , take care to have enough water during dinner so that you digest your meal properly during the night , and try to do some simple stretching before bedtime so that your body is more deeply relaxed as it rests . take care to drink water first thing in the morning as well , to continue the healthy digestive process . $ you are vulnerable to catching cold and must take special care to avoid contamination . be aware of what you touch and wash your hands often . bacteria are spread largely via the hands , and you should be careful about putting your unwashed hands near your mouth . additionally , pay attention to who is sick around you and do not use a telephone that someone who is infected with a cold has just used . knowledge of transmission is a great defense against infection . $ when you are disciplined , no other sign can produce the kind of beneficial life source that you are capable of because your higher self is generally geared toward helping others . you must ground your physical body in the here and now to be able to reach that higher self . use discipline to train your body to crave exercise and your mind to crave the healthiest foods possible . here begins the successful adventure ! $ it 's sometimes difficult to know what we feel . everyone is challenged by the question , how are you ? but few people actually stop and ask themselves privately for a real answer . begin checking in with yourself on a daily basis . if you do not know exactly how you feel that 's ok , but just start taking the question seriously . it 's very important to your health ! like anything , practice will make it easier , and you will become better able to serve your health . $ you may feel unusually cross or ill - tempered during this time . emotions loom large and seem practically unmanageable ; your body seems to have a mind of its own , cravings may feel too strong to push aside . this is perfectly natural . one useful herbal remedy for this feeling is chamomile tea . chamomile is known as the baby remedy , for it soothes a cranky baby and restores balance after a fever . you may drink the tea or actually put teabags in your bath ! $ you always like to see both sides of an issue and like to get along with others . in other words , you usually do not come across as stubborn . however , there is a tendency to go from one idea to the next too quickly , so that you might not even know your own true opinion ! involve yourself in things that take time to complete . cooking is a good place to start . make something a little complicated but delicious , and enjoy the results ! $ you will feel like talking a lot today , and may be easily distracted , but there is no reason to neglect your health for the sake of gossip ! take care to keep your appointment with yourself to get some fresh air and exercise - this makes a big difference to your overall health , especially on days like this . make the time to do what you know is important for your health - this includes all the little things like flossing before you go to sleep tonight ! $ you appreciate the things in life that take time to create , largely because you are easily distracted - we appreciate that which we admire ! by paying attention to what we admire , we can identify what we want to include in our lives that is not naturally there . if you are not a natural athlete , for example , you might admire athleticism and thus strive to achieve it in your life . whatever you focus on , you can achieve . find your healthy passion and follow it ! $ with today 's planetary aspects at play , you could feel extremely antsy and over - stimulated . you may be overwhelmed and need to come down to a more stable and comfortable place within yourself . take ten minutes in the morning and ten minutes at night to do some deep breathing and stretching on the floor , and you will feel immediate effects . you didn t get this wound up overnight and accordingly it may take a week of new restorative habits before you see the results but trust us : you are so worth the effort . if you can t do it for yourself , do it for those around you who are impacted by your emotional and mental states . $ give yourself the benefit of plenty of drinking water every day . not only does it aid digestion and keep your skin clear , but it is also a surefire boost for your immune system . there are certain times when we need to take special care to stay healthy . eating fresh produce is important not only for its nutritional value but the fiber it contains . fiber keeps our digestive system clear of build - up caused by too much starch and sugar , which can lead to lowered energy and immune responses . $ you may feel tempted to veer away from your exercise routine today or to go off in a crazy direction when it comes to your food choices . try to employ discipline and higher power when you feel the urge to rebel against your health practices . ask yourself if it is really worth it - when so much of your life depends on your health - to disrupt your schedule just because your mind is distracted . times like these define our road to health . $ giving yourself the benefit of the doubt is something you might need some help with . there is a tendency to judge in each of us , try to be as kind to yourself as you would your best friend when giving them a pep - talk . give yourself the freedom to take care of yourself first , in doing so you will be better prepared to help others when they inevitably need your support . check - in with yourself daily about which foods feel most nourishing for you and your exercise regimen . small changes that you can actually stick with will have a greater effect on your health in the long term than huge changes that are too difficult to maintain . $ when sleep is good , so is the rest of life , generally speaking ! every now and then we need to adjust our sleeping habits consciously so that we are insured of good rest . you may need a new bed ! you may need new pillows or sheets or something warmer or something cooler . strive to perfect your sleeping area . everything should be as you like it . this is one area of life that should not be economized : rest is paramount . $ you need to have a lot of room in which to express your desire for balance in your life . start by getting rid of the clutter in your life . clean out your closet , your kitchen cupboards , your bathroom cabinet . get rid of all the excess baggage you 're carrying around . this applies to your mental and physical selves , as well . you need to feel free - whatever that means to you . focus on letting go of dead weight - wherever you find it . $ the planetary alignment gives you the opportunity to bring the exotic into your life . remember that other cultures can give us insight into ourselves that can light up our lives . whatever exotic means to you , give it a try ! try to stimulate at least three of your senses with something new : taste , sound , smell , etc . the new does not need to disturb the things that give your life structure and regularity . stick to your usual dietary boundaries while welcoming new ingredients and flavors into your kitchen ! $ there is a lot of temptation out there but take a moment and reflect on your body 's reaction to excessive indulging . is not it time to get on track and assume regular health routine ? sometimes all you need to do is take the time to reflect on your decisions and you will find the answer sitting right in the center of your brain ! slow down today with a cup of chamomile or other herb tea and notice the shift in your perceptions . $ today 's energy will help you increase your well - being through focusing your attention on how your emotions impact your willingness to make healthy choices . in every day there are ups and downs concerning our diet and other choices that affect our bodies . there are times we want to exercise and times we want to lie on the couch and watch tv ( or the equivalent ) . human beings are not robots - we vacillate based on emotions . be aware of these shifts as you go through each day . $ today 's planetary alignment is a wonderful transit for you because it invites you to look at duality . this time it 's about how your emotional life is interwoven with your active ( exterior ) life . do you allow yourself enough release through regular yoga or running ? do you give yourself enough nourishment through a healthy balanced diet ? do you give yourself enough relaxation time and rest ? these are practically all the tools you need for a happy relationship with yourself ! $ when you give yourself enough time to get centered before you approach a problem it usually works out , whereas a rushed approached can either backfire or just graze the surface of things ( which do not really resolve anything in the long run ) . concentrate on yourself and how you wish to be perceived by others . to enhance your ability to be seen at your optimal , take a virtual yoga class twice a week . you will notice a big difference after one month . $ give the gift of good communication : when you are feeling pent up inside count to ten before you try to put your thoughts to words . today 's aspect may cause you to be inexact when the most critical things need to be communicated . your emotions may be hard to control . get rid of excess energy by working out at the gym , if possible , or going on a long walk . you will be thankful for it at the end of the day . $ keep counting to ten before you blurt out what 's on your mind ! your feelings are very important to communicate but it 's even more important that you communicate what you are feeling well . do not let the first thing that pops into your mind be what another person walks away with . to help center yourself , drink plenty of fresh water every day , all day . try to keep a regular schedule of rest by going to bed and get up at regular hours each day . $ often the most lasting impressions our parents make on our lives can be found in how we treat our bodies . what you eat in the morning and at night , how much you exercise and your attitude about exercise , and how you regard rest are all things we learn at a very early age . it takes courage to re - examine these items as adults and take full responsibility for our health . take today as your first challenge and just be aware of your health habits . $ the good thing about today 's planetary alignment is it gets you to focus on your physical needs . with your attention span being what it is , you will benefit tremendously from a regular exercise schedule . the aspect also helps you focus on what you need on a daily basis , so use this to keep track of what kind of exercise you are getting . be sure to breathe deeply whenever you find yourself walking from one place to another - that counts for a lot ! $ there is a lot to be said for getting some exercise in before you get to work in the morning . communication difficulties tend to fly by the wayside for those who jog before work , get in a pre - dawn workout , or even just walk to work . take your body seriously and you will notice the effects in your personal and professional life . with today 's cosmic climate it 's a good time to negotiate these kinds of commitments with yourself . $ you 're apt to find yourself making excuses for why you cannot exercise or why you indulge in certain foods that are not exactly nutritious . do not bother yourself with excuses ! try to see things for what they are - departures from healthy living included - and you will be stronger as a result . we all take a break from the healthy way now and then . try to center yourself through meditation or yoga when it becomes hard to see things for what they are . $ watch yourself carefully and try not to allow your attention to be pulled from place to place . with the positions of the planets at this time , you will be offered an opportunity to get more out of life if you stick to your commitments . it creates an environment of discipline and duty , which , if you follow through on your end , can support you in achieving great things for yourself ( of your choosing ) . $ you can have a hard time paying attention to the main message sometimes , and now could be one of those times ! there is much excitement on the planet these days - many people want to do good to counteract the great pain we all felt over the past year . your job is to do good for yourself - your body , your mind , your home . concentrate on yourself , and you will be in a better position to join in with your peers on the planet and work for the greater good of our societies . $ the present astral configuration gives you a day of really great communicating abilities . it 's time to show those you love how much you love them and tell those whom you do not feel so great with that it 's time you both moved on . this is a wonderful transit for win - win communication . also , it 's a great time to check in with your body during a workout and see if you can increase the levels you are currently working at . $ you 're going to feel a burst of energy , not only today but throughout the next few months , and this will shape the way you meet your goals . one reason you sometimes seem to fail to accept this kind of dynamic energy is because it invariably involves change of some kind , and you are not famous for flexibility ! here 's a hint for your future success : drinking water increases flexibility ! $ this is a wonderful time to notice what is working in your life . the favorable aspect of the day makes you especially sensitive , and it is recommended that you use this sensitivity toward a positive goal . look at how well you feel when you exercise even a little bit . praise yourself for that . consider how often you prepare fresh and healthy food for yourself . enjoy that achievement . in fact , pour yourself a big glass of water to celebrate ! $ today 's celestial energy will bring your emotional nature to the surface . it 's important to share your feelings with the people you love . rather than staying safe behind your stance of self - assuredness , confide in others , even if you think it will make you or them uncomfortable . relationships that are worthwhile , can survive the occasional confrontation . let your emotions guide you and be sure to say what you feel - do not pretend to know the other person 's thoughts . breathe deeply and collect your thoughts before you speak . $ today 's aspect brings you to a place of quiet introspection that might lead to significant changes . notice what you are thinking about beneath the surface - give yourself some extra personal time during the day if it is hard for you to concentrate . going to a yoga class , if possible , or on a run will give you some time to focus on what 's important . consider your abilities to change what you are not happy with in your life - they are formidable ! $ there is a favorable aspect happening in the universe , and this means that your emotions may run the show for the next few days . this is a wonderful place to come from , as long as those emotions are not frustration or fear converted into uncontrolled anger or anxiety . think about what you can do to create a balanced lifestyle in the next couple of days . small adjustments can go a long way : drink more water , allow extra time for your personal needs . $ the power of today 's aspect is in knowing what you need to review . is there something you wish you could go back and learn over again ? communication issues are definitely going to be coming up during this transit . take it easy and let it be ok that you need some time to really understand what you think . when it comes to telling other people what 's wrong it do not necessarily need to be that either one of you is wrong . $ the aspect of the day will make you especially sensitive - take it easy on yourself . there will be challenges in how you see yourself versus how others want you to be . this is never a good feeling . however , you must not give in to feeling judged by other people 's standards . try to focus on your health as a means of determining your own personal boundaries . make exercise and diet a priority this week . $ if you 've been waiting for a time to bust a move on something involving guts or creativity , now is the time . you can move mountains with today 's celestial energy . it 's worth it to think ahead and make sure of your decision , but energy and spark will not be your reason to hesitate this month . remember : use it or lose it - exercise is the key to keeping this energy primed . $ your high energy is complemented by today 's planetary alignment , which is a quick and lively placement for this emotional planet . therefore , expect to enjoy your close personal relationships . conversational flair and lively interest in arts and culture will make you exciting to be around . do not let lethargy or a bad diet deprive you of this dazzling moment . it 's time to keep your energy up with exercise and light foods ! $ today 's favorable aspect is like having lunch with your mother and a favorite aunt , or your father and a favorite uncle . you feel special , loved and content in knowing that things will work out for the best . this is a wonderful transit for working on projects at home , organizing your desk at work , or shopping for necessary items . you feel practical yet excited at the same time . do not let this wonderful transit escape you : increase your sensitivity to this energy through exercise . $ the aspect of the day gives you the opportunity to slow down and look within - whether or not you take the time to do this is up to you . knowing how you feel is a very important asset , though it is not exactly easy all the time . in fact , you may experience resistance from other people in your efforts to explore your feelings . a good way to find out what you feel is in quiet meditation , or a virtual yoga class will do . $ with so much favorable celestial energy right now , you are able to see something you could not see before . you have the power of insight and this is especially true in relationships with friends . the philosophy of do unto others as you would have them do unto you is quite applicable today . treat others the way you would like to be treated and expect the same from yourself . in other words - do not forget to treat your body as though you were its guest . exercise , eat well , and drink lots of water . $ the transit of the day increases your affection for a partner , for children , even pets - anything that you shower with love will strongly feel the effect of this planetary energy . however , do not expect it to be received with a big thank you ! sometimes people take what you give in a way that makes you wonder whether they know how precious your feelings are . do not let that make you feel resentful ; just mention this concern and all will be well . be sure to drink lots of water to help keep your emotional state flexible . $ emotional days are not rare for you , but this could be one of them . if you 're feeling like everything concrete and solid is out of reach , do not fret . concentrate on your ability to know what you feel , and take a private inventory of how the week , season , year is going for you . it 's not something everyone can easily do , so it 's possible you could help your friends with this , today , too . make yourself available to others , and you may find your solid ground in the process . $ when sleep is good , so is the rest of life , generally speaking ! every now and then we need to adjust our sleeping habits consciously so that we are insured of good rest . you may need a new bed ! you may need new pillows or sheets or something warmer or something cooler . strive to perfect your sleeping area . everything should be as you like it . this is one area of life that should not be economized : rest is paramount . $ be careful what you eat today . this is not a good day to try something new in the food department , nor is it a good day to depart from a diet . however , it is a good time to gently introduce a new discipline involving what you eat . have you been wanting to cut back on dairy or begin eliminating processed sugar from your diet ? these are two good choices for you . another good recommendation is to stay away from particularly heavy or spicy food . $ things could feel a little painful today . if you 've been having stomach trouble , or even a bit of guilt about weight issues , you 'll feel especially vulnerable . it 's important to find the emotional safe place you want to stay in today and protect yourself . take baby steps from that safe place and get a little exercise , socialize a bit with those you trust , and jump into bed early with your favorite trashy magazine . remind yourself it 's just another day and tuck yourself into bed early . $ if you 're looking to get pregnant , or if your looking to impregnate someone , today is a highly probable day to make that happen ! on another level , it could just mean that your intuition is functioning at a high level . another way to put it is : trust your gut instinct . all of the above apply to your feeling that you must take seriously the commitments you make today . it 's also a good day to spend with children , if you have any . $ the planetary alignment makes this a good day for snuggling , getting closer to your loved ones if possible , or just being a good parent , spouse , and friend . you may notice that your focus is not on those relationships that do not move you : the people you do not really click with or the average person on the street may not be the recipient of your smile today . stay close to home and be present to your emotional truth . $ with today 's planetary energy at play , you may feel a bit like people want too much from you ! it very well may feel like some big show - off is playing with what 's yours - and that do not feel good ! do not fret - this is only a temporary arrangement . do not be afraid to use your wit to help regain your territory . there 's nothing preventing you from claiming your space , and with today 's celestial configuration , no one can blame you for feeling cross . $ you could feel overly sensitive today . try not to beat yourself up with your melancholy . you may be tempted to drown your sorrows in a big tub of ice cream , but you know this will ultimately make you feel worse . consider putting on some relaxing music and getting down on the floor , gently stretching out your muscles . try to make this into a personal routine and stick to it for a few weeks . you 'll be glad you did . $ you 'll feel capable of getting what you need today , whether from other people or from yourself . your good judgment and powers of observation are also likely to be heightened . use your instincts to choose the best foods to consume . food that is grown with the use of hormones should be avoided as they over - stimulate estrogen and testosterone production in women and men , respectively . be aware of the food you eat and nourish yourself with healthy , sound choices . $ the planetary alignment makes you expansive and friendly today . try turning your soft underbelly towards the world instead of that hard shell and you 'll be surprised at what happens . there is a tendency to get stuck in receiving mode , however , so do not forget your own needs . use the energy to remind yourself of what you really want and do not be afraid to vocalize it . take time out to do something just for yourself , for example , if you are a busy parent . it will help you to better help others . $ today 's astral energy gives you a chance to see your deepest ideals and values . this kind of insight is especially valuable to someone who is all too ready to help others realize their dreams . you will certainly benefit from some quiet time investigating what really matters to you . do not hesitate to browse through your favorite online bookstore and see what catches your eye . likewise , roam the aisles of your favorite health food store , if possible , and see what you naturally gravitate to , then use it in a meal tonight . $ your belly could be a bit sensitive today . use peppermint or chamomile tea to soothe an upset stomach . if you do not feel you can exercise , take a little time to perform light stretching throughout your abdomen . direct your attention to your digestive process and eat lightly : soups and cooked vegetables would give your stomach a rest . if you can use organic vegetables , this is always preferable . you may enjoy researching organic farming on the web to learn more about how to nourish yourself physically and spiritually . $ things may feel a bit uneasy today , and you are right to listen to yourself at the cost of seeming indifferent to others . there is no better way to protect yourself than to stay true to what you know is right for you . giving in to the pressure of the outside world can often lead you to unhappiness . try to enjoy the security of your own privacy but be careful not to shut yourself in completely . getting in some soothing yoga is highly recommended . $ you may be needed by everyone today . the aspect at play has a way of making people more emotional than usual , and they tend to run to the nearest person to help process the uncomfortable , the challenging , the downright scary . you may experience your own deep feelings welling up , and it 's important to take time out to notice what 's going on inside of yourself . here is an ideal scenario : prepare a nice dinner for your loved ones and take a long walk afterwards . $ conflict is not your specialty , and you may find yourself turning your back today on those who seem to revel in conflict . do not try to understand why others do what they do or say what they say . if you can avoid becoming involved , give yourself a pat on the back . take yourself seriously today and consider your health . your back supports your body during times of stress . it 's important to adequately relax your entire back . yoga or a hot bath is in order . $ for some time , you 've been sensing a basic indecisiveness in yourself and the rest of the world . the astral energy is giving those who are sensitive the feeling that things could change any time . this day 's aspect tickles your desire to make things all right for everyone you care about . the lesson you need to glean from this is to care for your own needs first . be certain to drink plenty of water , take vitamins , and exercise on a daily basis . $ when you 've found what makes you happy , it 's easy to keep doing it . if you have not found what makes you happy , it 's important to keep trying to find out what it is . the easiest way to feel good fast is to drink a lot of water : in only a few days you will feel the effect in your bowel movements , your skin , and in your ability to eat less and have more energy . if you add habits like this to your life , your overall well - being will gradually begin to shift . $ there is powerful insight available ; you just need to know where to look . sometimes it 's essential to feel terrible and then understand why you feel that way . do not try to shrug off your feelings today ; it will be nearly impossible , and you will miss some valuable information . the stomach area is sensitive during times of stress . while you have a cup of chamomile tea to soothe your digestive tract , pick the seeds out of a pomegranate and ask yourself what you 're looking for . $ the world depends on you to give a daily dose of understanding and acceptance . all too often you feel under - appreciated and not recognized for the love you give . maybe it 's time to set some limits and turn that accepting love back towards yourself instead of giving it to the ungrateful ! the problem is you do not find that to be easy . hint : start with your diet . are you giving yourself the best and freshest food possible ? are you getting enough vitamins and minerals ? are you drinking plenty of water ? turning the focus onto your own needs will help you sustain your giving nature . $ do you find that when you treat yourself better , the world is a better place ? in order to take better care of yourself , take a close look at what you consume on a daily basis . it 's important to keep weeding out the unhealthy habits , especially as you get older . you like to nibble , so be sure you have healthful things to nibble on rather than junk food . dried cranberries are fun and tasty , as are pistachios . dried papaya is a good friend too , as it aids in the breakdown of protein . $ one of the wonderful things about you is that you warm up slowly : you can really be sure about what you are doing because you do not adopt things immediately . revel in your easy pace and continue to focus on yourself , one day at a time . if you continue drinking plenty of water and nibbling on healthy snacks , you will soon need an outlet for your copious energy ! begin to consider what exercise regimen really works for you . what do you like and what works with your schedule ? $ you have a great quality : the virtue of acceptance . though not always forgiving after a bad experience , you are open to almost anything new . this is an excellent time to ask yourself what new avenues of physical activity you would like to open up to . the goal will be to choose something you are able to stick with . if you want to explore a higher level of what you are currently doing , open up to that possibility as well . $ one of your great qualities is the ability to be realistic . this is good news for setting up your health practice , as it 's important to set attainable goals , otherwise you 're likely to slip from pressure or lack of self - confidence . the exercise you choose needs to be something you like , and something that fits in with your daily schedule . for instance , if you choose rock climbing , you need a place where you can do that on a regular basis available ( unless of course you live near a natural rock face ! ) . $ instincts and intuition serve you well in public this year . dreams and wishful thinking about your career situation might also claim some of your attention . so long as you understand that these are brainstorming times and not times to act , you 'll be better than fine . friends and lovers give you what you want in july . impatience might strike in september , but you can have fun anyway . telling fact from fancy is easy in october . you 're at your most psychic in february , so keep a low profile and be gentle . love yourself and find contentment with a loved one at year 's end ! $ career and work come into focus this year . you 're not one to give everything away , but you may be more conscious of how much good work people can do for one another . take your time and be willing to think things through until it all makes sense . loved ones take extra good care of you in july . do not feel unworthy of any gift . if irritable in september , schedule more private time . negative criticism will not help much in october . inspiration might strike you at work in february . be responsible throughout . after a social surprise in march , the year ends rich in luxury and love ! $ it 's a high - energy year when you could take your life and career in hand , for better or worse . make it for the better and resist being impulsive , impatient , or quarrelsome . enjoy love and support in july , perhaps even in the form of money or material goods . september might be difficult , but you can avoid any explosions or blowouts by simply being tactful . old wisdom is there for you in october . use it . a partner could come or go in january . do not fight it . it 's a sizzling year full of change , excitement , opportunity , and big love ! do good things with it all ! $ look forward to a year of fun , mischief , and wild inventiveness ! you 're bursting with fresh ideas , especially in the first month , and it might be hard for you to keep a lid on things , even at home . home is the most fun and fortunate place to be in july . high spirits might draw some fire in october , but you do not have to alienate anyone . a spiritual insight could touch your heart in february . stay practical and loving . march is action packed and exciting , so practice self - restraint when appropriate . may and june are full of brilliant company and conversation , roses , wine , and sweet , sweet love ! $ look and feel your best with more quality time with your friends this year . if work and family affairs bring minor challenges or interruptions , stepping out into the social scene will recharge your batteries . after the smooth summer months , september might try to frustrate your fun . do not be annoyed . a partner or lover might need a change . be fair minded and go with it . in february you might come across an inspiring person or learn that someone is inspired by you . march and april brim with excitement and activity . dress up and relax into it . the year ends peacefully and full of elegant affection ! $ sweet times with good friends can keep this year moving forward for you ! you will not need to spend a lot of money or make a lot of expensive changes either . spend most of your time with solid , sensible , good friends and then negative , difficult people will have less access to you . july could bring some extra income or maybe a touch of extra pleasure at home . october may have a rocky day or two , but do not cling to any bad feelings . a partner could pleasantly surprise you in january . watch out for emotional dreams in february . the year ends sparkling with luxurious fun and gentle love ! $ you 're bubbling over with charm this year , but most of it will be lavished on special people in private . you 'll be sweet and sensitive in public , too , but not to the same extent . a gift might come from a mystery friend or admirer in july . things go smoothly until an issue at work might briefly spill over to home . do not get impatient or angry . respect the opinion of a partner or lover in december , but do not lose self - confidence . you have to be you . be bold but not brash at work in march and april . shine brightest and bask in the warmest affection at year 's end ! $ your brightest ideas and best plans may be made during private time , so do not overbook yourself or skimp on downtime . a few special friends ( or that very special one in your life ) may share these times , but not the rest of the world . be generous and receive favors in july and august . be supercharged and energetic at home in october . more peaceful times may be called for in november . be quietly creative . a flash of inventiveness at work in march might need time to gel . the last month could see entertainment , small private parties , and after - dinner drinks with romantic overtones ! $ it 's a great year for plotting and making preparations for the long term ! the future is not just tomorrow . now that you have a clearer view of what you want and where you want to go , dreams , instincts , and intuition can be your guides . be generous and big - hearted in july , and enjoy material abundance . family comes into focus in october , and you have more than enough energy to finish what gets started . respect your ambitions and passions in march , even if friends disagree . the last month is yours to examine and reconsider anything or anyone that this year has brought . be loving , loved , and admired ! $ start something near and dear to your heart this year and pursue it to completion ! put self - improvement on your agenda and you can be greatly successful . spirit and heart are big and bright . enjoy a burst of energy to finish up the final stages of a long - lingering project in october . new clever ideas might distract you , but stick with the tried and true . a romantic bolt comes out of the blue in december or january . stay calm and self - assured . dream what you most want in february . end the year in strong , powerful , passionate form and launch into a magnificent future ! $ have great self - confidence and be your own best luck this year ! you can do this modestly , graciously , and without a huge ego . after a smooth summer , your temper or patience may be tested in october and november , especially at home . seek and respect old advice and the experience of others . a romantic flare - up or brief hot fling could happen in december . be civilized but not too deferential . be more idealistic in february , even if you do not act on the sentiment . do not be tossed by any repeat surprises at work in march . the last month mellows out with culture , comfort , conversation , and great compassion ! $ money and material concerns may preoccupy you this year . focus on genuine abundance , be realistic , and improve your status and appearance . summer is yours to work as you please . you may need to stand up for yourself and your ideas in october , especially with family members , but it do not have to result in conflict . another personal , more romantic challenge might arise in january . respect yourself as well as others . remember , you are but half of any relationship . your heart softens and opens in february . at year 's end value your friends , tastes , preferences , and what and whom you love best . all love is returned in full ! $ enjoy a glamorous year with great energy , especially for material or financial matters . be most lucky with your generous impulses in the first month . settle into a summer of productivity with cooperative friends . countless minor quarrels could slow you down in october . if you lose your focus , a fresh new love will set you straight . if you get angry for a while , expect to be grateful later . wishful thinking or ungrounded good intentions could cause trouble in february . a major shift at work in march could work to your advantage if you are not too aggressive . high - octane love and energy are yours all year long ! $ it 's a dynamic year , when you can be the star whenever you need to . your sparkling wit can surprise even you , all to good effect . look and feel your best in the first month , especially at home and with friends . shine brightly with close friends in august . october energizes an issue at home and motivates you to meet all challenges head - on . slow down and rest in november . a love interest could get too interesting in january . you 'll shine in april , even if it 's a bit uncomfortable . you know who and what you want this year , and everything 's within reach . have a great year ! $ enjoy countless opportunities and promising complications this year . you 'll see and think clearly through everything , and no wishful thinking or grandiose offering will deceive you . small pleasures and company close to home will abound in september . this happiness can fuel you for the rest of the year . be most proactive in october , especially concerning home affairs . a major love might come ( or go ) in january . do not be knocked off balance . likewise , a burst of hopeless idealism could bruise your heart in february . be compassionate but practical . expect surprises at work in april , some from you . it 's a brilliant , productive year full of tenderness and love ! $ you could make a big change or two this year , revamping yourself , the people ( or special person ) in your life , or even where you live . you 're big - hearted and have big vision , even if you do not use it . details in the small picture may distract you in august and september , but those efforts will not be wasted . be motivated , even confrontational , in october , to complete some major project . be captain of the team in november . a romantic shakeup is possible in january , and an old fond fantasy may return in february . work energetically in april . a sweet , sensitive last month ends a dynamite year ! $ peace and quiet may be scarce in the outside world , but you have an infinite reserve of inner calm that will look like magic to others . your big - hearted approach , especially to down - home situations , will win you admiration all year , especially in the first month . october and november may be busiest , but you 'll also be the most energetic . take downtime in november , when fewer , if any , people come to interrupt you . romance flares up in january . dream big in february , although a friend might not agree . be clever ( and charming ) at work in april . enjoy a cozy , sparkling end to a busy year ! $ you 're a rolling ball of fire all this year , and full of surprises , too ! even if people could keep up with you , they will not be able to guess which way you 're going . after a calm few months things heat up in october , when you 're jump - started into doing more at home , perhaps for family . progress and good karma can come from simply being nicer to the right relative or friend . november is quieter but still has its share of fun . brief romantic fireworks are possible in january . be solid at work in april , and relax in loving , passionate arms during the final months ! $ you have a secret source of great love and support this year , possibly from friends and relatives . be grateful and do not press for explanations . it may be a year of random acts of kindness , so perform your share . be energetic in october , smoothing ruffled feathers and restoring peace and pleasantness at home . be more low - key in november , but still fully enjoying life . a change - up in daily routine could have long - lasting effects . enlightenment is possible in february . if sparks fly at work in april , you can cope with it . spend the last month lavishing and receiving love and encouragement . it 's a passionate , powerful year ! $ emotions run high and a lot of that can be channeled into creative fun that keeps your heart beating loud and fast . meet those daily needs , enjoy smooth sailing , and be ready for a busy october full of family and social affairs . some of it may feel fated , so do not be too quick to say no . be sharp , sensible , and sensitive in november . when the dust settles you 'll look back on a lot of emotional maturity and progress . respect those basic work demands in the spring , and then benefit the rest of the year . cleverness and beauty unite in the last month . bask in the brilliance ! $ the world may think you 've become more serious , and that 's a good thing . you 're simply more sincere in your words and actions and less frivolous about how you spend your time . quiet times at home will still be intense and important to you in september and october . be clear and focused about your passions in november , then do not be a hermit but share your good times . if work gets challenging in march and april , you 'll have energy and wits to spare , and lots of support . lighten up in the last couple of months and indulge in more quality time with the person who loves you best . $ it 's a high - energy , extroverted year ! keep some personal pleasure in your equation , even if spending time with others is your primary source of happiness . just do not let it take over your life . a family or home concern may take all your energy in october , and it will be worth it . do not be frustrated in november if people are not always there for you . respect everyone 's boundaries , especially your own , and do not take everything personally . work may heat up in april . stay grounded and meet the challenge . it 's a smooth , comforting end of the year with more love than you might have dreamed ! $ your daily life do not need to have anything lackluster about it this year . you 've got the magic touch , especially at home in the first month , and know how to set people at ease . after a nice , quiet stretch , family and friends may want to spend more time with you in october . enjoy the attention and tactfully share any extra expenses . people want to treat you well and stay in your good graces . reserve judgment in december if a close friend or lover disappoints you . you can learn why before the year ends . let tender feelings express themselves , and treasure those hugs and kisses ! $ craving a major overhaul in your daily routine ? if not now , the time will come , so do not get anxious about it . keep finances tidy , enjoy a few months of calm , then spring into action at home in october . friends and family may have suggestions and want to help . people will cheerfully respect your wishes in november . this can lead to many pleasant times . be attentive to your health and diet in january and feel healthy and strong . any changes in routine made now will stick . any work stress in april will not be a drain . love yourself and let others love you all year long ! $ it may be time for a love that really works for you , if you do not have one already . if you do , be sure to appreciate what 's good and be patient about improving what is not yet totally perfect . do not let that yearning for perfection deprive you of what is already a wonderful thing . accept the generosity of others , especially in the first month . in the fall be motivated and work hard to make both home and career more satisfying . in january a sudden intense love could survive , if you choose . decompress and reevaluate in the last month . it 's your heart and your year ! $ if you 've overlooked the sexy charms of a sharp mind , that will not happen this year . you never have been content with what 's purely skin - deep . while life looks orderly and calm for the first few months , in october things could get steamy and contentious at home . your true friends will be patient if you get impatient or angry with them . take a deep breath in november and relax with more casual , lightweight activities . an unusual or unconventional love interest may catch your eye or heart , however briefly , come wintertime . what satisfies you may be changing , deepening , improving . be patient and love yourself , too ! $ connect better with friends and loved ones , and have a richer , happier conversation all year long . you 're bright , generous , and fun to be with and this will draw people to you , even after any spat . october and november could be busy and packed with other people 's minor problems . do not worry about any of it . encourage people , and watch any problems solve themselves . money and work both look reliable , although you may imagine a problem in december or january . stay calm and practical - things are fine . share a fond aspiration with friends in february , and work passionately in april . it 's a splendid , congenial year ! $ it 's a dream - filled year , but do not expect to be perfectly understood all the time . pay careful attention and you can mostly stay on the same page with people . you 're upbeat and lucky , so most of them will make the extra effort with you , especially in the first month . some excitement could strike at home in october , but little confusion . blast expertly through autumn , particularly november , and be successful in all that you attempt . inspiration in february may please you and your loved ones before the year ends . publicly surprise and delight people in april . it 's a gentle , sweet year ! $ it 's a tenderhearted year for you . you may feel hypersensitive at times , but keep your feelings under control and notice how psychic you 've become . manage your spending , especially that first month , and still enjoy great times . in september and october you may experience some self - doubt , but stand firm , especially about decisions concerning home and family . your loved ones will agree with you on all counts . take your creative efforts seriously in november and ignore negative criticism . shield your heart in february , but do not hesitate to be sympathetic . you have to genuinely be you . end the year embraced by elegance and emotional security ! $ nothing can stop you this year , so aim high ! you have the energy to push through any obstacle and burn away any opposition . you have plenty of charm , too , and that can ease your way with many people . luck is on your side , especially the first month , so do not wait around . work away happily for several months , then be ready for a big breakthrough , starting at home . negotiate skillfully for what you want and do not question your ability to complete any task . success favors the bold , especially in public , and you have boldness to spare ! make it a spectacular and accomplished year ! $ amaze even yourself with the success that is possible for you this year ! do not take anything for granted , of course , and hard work will be needed , but that 's no problem . your loyalty , generosity , and charm will serve you well all year , especially early on . trust your taste and decision - making abilities , be practical , and do not doubt yourself . a private , inspired fancy that strikes you in february may prove useful by year 's end . april is your time to be stunningly smart and successful at work . be modest and capable , and leave the bragging and grandstanding to lesser beings . it 's a great year just for you ! $ you have your feet securely on the ground this year , and what you do will last . luck follows you , as well as pleasure , particularly in the first month , but do not assume things will always be so easy . october and november offer you a challenge at home or with family that will greatly improve the rest of the year , if not the rest of your life . be self - confident but not brash , and refuse to feel inferior about anything . be at your best at work and in public during april and may , so exert yourself every day . it 's a magnificent year full of happiness and love ! $ career and the trappings of public life may be your focus , with you as your severest critic . people will be impressed and perhaps surprised at your approach and how much success you enjoy . the first month you may have a bit of a golden touch , so use it wisely . in autumn your energy may sag briefly , but it 's always wise to take good care of yourself and respect your limits . just be sensible . in february you might be influenced by someone else 's inspiration . enjoy the good qualities and see enhanced comfort and cleverness before year 's end . have a fantastic and wildly enriched year ! $ personal needs and obligations should come first , of course , but getting out and about can be more than just an escape valve for your heart and mind this year . step up and do your part , especially in the first month . by autumn you may have more energy , perhaps for socializing at home . remember your budget , and do not exhaust yourself . be inspired by others in february even if you do not instantly act on it . show up in public in a big way in april , and then kick back and enjoy may and june in style . love gets sweet , and maybe serious , at year 's end ! $ get your message across , or maybe just enjoy more culture and wit this year ! you 'll never know a boring moment or wonder where to go and what to see . everyone may not share your enthusiasm at first . in the fall you may want to pay more attention to things at home or with family . if friends intrusively suggest you slow down , say less and let things settle themselves , it 's only because they care . friends may inspire you again in february and march . you have friends at work , too , in april . be a friend back . love , brilliance , and warmth surround you at year 's end ! $ new friends , new places , and new activities provide a year 's worth of happiness ! the tried and true old favorites are not going away , but your tastes and horizons are expanding . charm and luck get you going in the first month and serve you well all year . if family or home life gets challenging in october and november , you have the energy and proper words and approach to make all well . you 'll be well respected in november . surprise people - and yourself - in march and april , stepping up and doing radical and new things . indulge curiosity in june and love your life every single day ! $ feelings run deep and strong this year , and you may prefer to keep them to yourself . secrecy and mystery may appeal to you , but simply respecting privacy may work just as well . the first month you 'll be conspicuous , so do not bother hiding how lucky and attractive you naturally are . in the autumn you may need to be a diplomat with friends or family . be sensitive to all sides , respecting privacy and boundaries , and achieve satisfaction everywhere . after a brief spell in the limelight in april , return to your cozy emotional cave and lap up endless love , comfort , and affection till year 's end ! $ mental sharpness and plain old good luck are yours in abundance this year ! most people will not notice , and that 's lucky , too . with slight effort , the early months can be uneventful , organized , and under control . october and november may see some sparks close to home . any quarrels or disagreements will be more about feeling and perception than about any concrete problem . your words have extra authority in november . reserve judgment and be slow to act in january if you have self - doubts . if tossed into the spotlight in april , be modest and let it blow over . enjoy a spectacular , love - filled last month after a grand year ! $ secret loves , intimate pleasures , and the sweet privacy of home may be your greatest treasures this year ! you 're brimming with luck , love , and keen wit , but you can keep a low profile and get things done . patience and temper may get strained by family or neighbors in october . handle things smoothly and do not go ballistic over nothing . your judgment is sound and your authority will be respected . protect your daily routine from flaky temporary interruptions in january . step back in april and let others take center stage . be good to your love and to yourself , and offer no explanations . what a powerful year ! $ it 's a bright new year full of golden fun and opportunities . your inner child may be near the surface , and a touch of innocent mischief could happen at any time . be the normal , responsible adult and enjoy some pleasant months before dealing with a more excitable situation in october . your sheer force of will and good heart should handle any adversity . do not be a bully , though , and let your good sense and experience show through . adventure may call you in april . be bold but safe and sane . the last few months are quieter but still intense and rich with love , life lessons , and more love ! $ be in touch with your greatest desires and ambitions this year . you may not instantly achieve them all , but you can make serious headway to get you farther down the road to success . do not be afraid of new ideas or fresh approaches if the old ones have gone stale . work steadily and see progress , although in october you might rethink or redo something at home or with family . do what makes sense and do not squabble . a needed insight might not come until april . it 's worth the wait . do not be shy either . stay modest and self - confident . people love you and what you do ! $ money and material means could be more on your mind this year . it will not consume your life , and you 'll find it easier to do well and sidestep any silly snags that happen periodically . you 're naturally organized , especially in august and september , and this will keep the rest of the year running smoothly . energy and self - motivation peak in october , when you could wrap up something major and leave emotional space to start something new and wonderful , possibly in march or april . you do not need big plans when small plans succeed in a big way . the last month rocks with success , satisfaction , and generous , big - hearted love ! $ income , gifts , and cherished belongings may matter this year , and friends young and old have generosity , advice , and good examples for you . you 're already smart , gracious , and eager to help , and people want to help you , especially in september . in october and november you can conclude something near home that 's been hanging over your head too long , and win admiration for doing so . this may inspire you in february to do something equally impressive for others . start something striking just for fun in march or april . the last couple months may be less focused but still packed with intimacy , sweet , sincere words , and embraces ! $ your luckiest and happiest times may come close to home this year . many short trips to sample new ideas and styles with close friends or family could open your eyes to more success and pleasure than you suspected . september and october would be the most mentally stimulating , so do not wait too long to explore your neighborhood or corner of town . october might need you at home to finish up an important chore . be energetic and sweep it away . be inspired and inspiring in february . a wild , crazy idea may appeal in april , but it may not hold up . it 's a glorious , glamorous , passionate year ! $ it 's lively , fun times , mostly close to home , with favorite friends and relatives . if not all close to home , then several short field trips and outings of the window - shopping nature could happen . a ripple of discontent ( possibly from a woman friend or relative ) might briefly arise in october , but tact and clear thinking make all smooth again . home affairs deserve attention in november . be energetic and systematic . take good care of yourself in january , rest and eat well . friends surprise you in march . surprise them back - in fun . the last month is sweet , smart , and very lucky ! it 's a lovely , loving year ! $ it 's time to pay attention to the people in your life . you may be surprised to find out which ones are really important , and you might find yourself to be important to a surprising someone else . some of this is karmic . with daily life , money , and job under control , relationships with friends may stir to life in october and november . stay calm and let things sort themselves out . a sudden offer of adventure could appear in march or april . a quarrelsome acquaintance could become a best friend in may . june and july shine brilliantly for you , so keep eyes and heart wide open for blessings and love ! $ this year home may feel safer ( if not always calmer ) , while the outside world offers more than its share of surprises and challenges . some of these challenges may propel you farther ahead in life - they are not just to annoy you . november and december could get emotional , but do not fret . acknowledge any feelings of insecurity and do not let anything stop you from being you . people may be fussy in january , but do not let anyone upset you . march and april are busy , exciting times with built - in comforts and favorite perks . the last month is another reward , full of love , generosity , and great company ! $ create all the peace and quiet at home that you want and need . be gentle , however , and realize that most people do not have your force of will or strong presentation . you do not need to quarrel over every little point , especially in november . do something off the wall and fun ( but not reckless ) in january . draw out a quiet person 's wisdom in february and share what you learn , if appropriate . april and may keep you running and on your toes . maybe take a trip , if only a virtual one . read that e - book . kick back at year 's end with favorite people or a precious loved one and lap up the happiness ! $ emotions run high at home , but your big heart guarantees there 's more than enough love to go around . if a relative or close friend gets difficult in november , you have tact and affection to spare . this applies to co - workers , too , in march and april . someone 's fond dream could inspire you in february , but you also know how to live in the real world . with minimum ( or no ) stress over finances or work , any challenging times in april and may can be made productive and pleasant . remember who loves you , and love back . there will be great stories and favors to share at year 's end ! $ it 's a fiery , passionate year when sharp minds and bright ideas can be sexy and fun . ( good bodies and shining smiles are still winners , too . ) keep the bills and the work situation on track and then , if you 're inclined to get away from home for a while in the fall , go . december turns to the fun , bright side . enjoy new people , places , and things . one may become a favorite . march , april , and may are mischievous times , so roll with any friendly punches and startle people into sudden smiles . keep it safe and non - combative . hugs , kisses , and clever sweet nothings enrich and expand your world ! $ do your own thing in a big way , without chasing away the rest of the world . look and feel attractive and self - assured . so long as you 're practical and remember the details of daily life , problems can be few and easily fixed . unvoiced jealousy could ruffle a calm home life in november , but you have the energy and determination to stand your ground . december and january may bring misunderstanding , but it can turn to laughter later . stay calm and enjoy life . big dreams find you in the springtime to take you on a journey , if only in the mind . it 's a stunning , sparkling year ! $ your tastes and desires may differ from what the world offers , but do not swerve from what you love . in october friends or family may suggest things you do not like to do , but be gracious and play along if you think the company is good . follow your own drumbeat in december , be calm and pleasant through the holidays , and be glad you did . if misgivings arise in april or may , that 's fine . respect your right to reevaluate earlier opinions and actions . learn , improve , and advance . love yourself , and give others the chance to love you , especially in the last month . it 's a stimulating , sexy year ! $ notice what others overlook and observe what no one else can see . it may be hard to share yours news , though , but do not let that get you down . be smart and enjoy many smooth days in the summer , then brace for a personal challenge ( perhaps suggested by a friend ) in october . november may bring moments of second - guessing yourself , mostly at home , but you can learn and profit from this with no long - term negative feelings . delight some new friends with a few favorite old tricks in the springtime . be a popular romance magnet as the year comes to a magnificent close ! $ respect those little necessities of life - things like routine and health - and see how huge the reward can be . in october and november , you may spot some small possible changes ( like just being smarter about diet ) that bring you instant energy and inspire a friend or relative . in november an old annoying issue can be resolved at home . fix , forgive , and do not forget the lesson . a breakthrough could happen in february to improve your life in many small ways . please yourself and surprise others in april . it do not have to be reckless or self - indulgent . have a loving , cozy , and successful year ! $ dreams of love fill this year , and perhaps the angel you 're visualizing could appear . if not red - hot , sexy , snazzy romance , it could still be a dream of a profoundly warm and secure heartfelt connection . friends and relationships close to home may distract you in the fall . in november some deeply rooted attachment or habit may see its end or resolution . february holds sweet sunshine for the soul , even if it 's not long lived . enjoy the blessing . be playful and entertaining in april . the final month is all charm , elegance , luxury - and more charm . it 's a heartfelt and heart - expanding year ! $ be inspired and inspire others all year . you 're already smart and practical about money and work . in the fall connect more firmly with friends who are grateful for your company . be prepared to be the authority figure at home and make a pivotal decision . share opinions without any preaching or speaking down to anyone . be respected even if you 're considered eccentric in january . the world is full of surprises in april and may . observe , assess , and appreciate the chance for change . love surrounds you all year long , but you 'll most strongly sense it in the final month . ah , love , so well worth waiting for ! $ your heart and head shift into high gear , and few will be able to resist you . take care should you charm the wrong someone accidentally . be smart , shrewd , and sensible and enjoy unchallenged smooth sailing until november , when friends may want more time than you feel you have . a family elder may want your help or just your presence later in the fall . in february a magical romance could briefly flash in your sky . shine brightest in march and april . be ambitious for others , and for yourself , too . aim high . be blessed and be a blessing for others in the last month . embrace the love ! $ a million bright new ideas may strike you this year , and several of them could click into reality . few people will be able to keep up with your quick wit , or even be able to see you coming . be sensible , practical , and do not fritter this away on simple amusement . decide for yourself what 's worth doing in october and november . friends might have other ideas . respect your own judgment at home in november and cherish the safe space . think and plan big in april , and learn great lessons for future use . surprise yourself . the last month is more private , quiet , and tremendously lucky and happy ! $ be eager to learn , improve , and lap up all the wisdom the world wants to share with you . your eyes and mind are wide open , ready to receive it all . in the fall you may be bored and resist doing the same easy things with friends . relax and let the irritation pass . choose to face a difficulty at home in november , and honor your willingness to take on the challenge . big fun comes your way in january , and in february big , loving dreams find you to make the heart beat fast . surprise yourself and delight others in april . you 're the world 's darling at year 's end ! $ do your favorite things in a big way , and get things done on a big scale . it will not take a huge effort , either , just steady attention to what matters . friends may challenge you in november . just stand your ground , be fair , and win more respect . indulge an impulse for big fun in january , but be aware that it might come back to haunt you . sweet love beckons in february , although the memory may be less sweet . live and learn . be brilliant and popular in may and june . intense pleasures and great progress can be yours . do your best and do not look back ! $ shine in public and enjoy great career opportunities this year ! there 's no point in hiding or saying no when a challenge arises . you 're up to it . start the year with a calm , focused mind , meet those daily requirements , and enjoy a sparkling november and december with active friends who keep you running . slow down and concentrate on your own affairs until february , when love might come knocking on your door with a dreamy episode . if restless or bored in april and may , take private time or a private trip . career is highlighted in may and june . have a charmed and charming year ! $ express yourself , especially in public and in the workplace . you have the tact and tenacity to get your message across without offending . the year starts with a misconception cleared up . in the fall there could be a difference of opinion , or perhaps just a clash of tastes or preferences . it 's not worth a big blowout . january brings a creative idea to life . attend to simple daily needs and drift into a romantic interlude in february . good intentions may be misunderstood in april , but do not be hurt by this . it 's a solid , proactive year of stepping out , loving , and being loved more and more ! $ career and your public image may be important to you this year , and you can make much progress finding ways to tell the world what you want . some frustrations are part of the package , so be at ease and make sure to be clear , particularly about details in the first month or two . welcome a friendly debate to further clear the air in the fall . in january you 'll sense that people want you to succeed and have fun . february is a month of valentines . be someone 's treasure , if only briefly . find an unexpected way to help in april , and benefit . love , advance , and share every day ! $ be part of a bigger extended family and take a bigger social role with friends and community . bake more brownies ( to share , of course ) or simply smile and comfort the shy and quiet around you . focus on the details of daily life despite desires for great or flamboyant things . in november friends may expect you to take the lead in everything . be bold and creative in january . a flash of love in february promises great things , but may fizzle . enjoy and do not be disappointed . a reward for a forgotten favor may appear in april . be popular , sought after , and downright loved all year ! $ social causes and group needs may claim more of your attention . you cannot rescue every kitten , obviously , but being more civic - minded on a sensible scale can take you far this year . you 're innately practical and responsible . be sensitive but not silly or self - sacrificial with friends in november . a yearned - for love might appear then disappear in february . cherish the encounter and do not mourn . not all requests are reasonable or possible in april . the last two months are full of opportunities for as many good works as you desire and as much love , affection , and luxury as can be imagined ! $ friends , family , and ties to the past could reach out and touch you more frequently this year . welcome the contact and connection . october may bring a chance for improved income . cooperate and let things happen . november may tweak a friend or two , but you have a firm grasp of things . the winter might be the season for love , so enjoy the warmth . if asked for help in april , know that it 's because you 're tried , true , and trusted . enjoy the closing two months in the arms of your favorite company , sharing so many of the gifts and good things you 've encountered this year ! $ work your best magic quietly and inconspicuously . save your energy and let others compete for the spotlight . you may feel too busy or involved to form new relationships in the first month , but this will change . in the fall you have the energy and authority to clear up a disagreement among friends . you can do this nicely and with a gentle touch . you may be briefly tempted by love in the winter . do not debate with yourself , no matter how it turns out . great energy and some mischief return in april and may . get things done for others - and yourself . have a golden , glorious , glamorous end of the year ! $ be your own best friend this year and let others be drawn to you . you 're attractive in a compelling , quiet way , and the right people will find you . welcome new - even radical - ideas , particularly in the first month , and give them a chance to bloom . if friends get jealous about something in november , let them express themselves and watch everything resolve on its own . let no feathers stay ruffled . your best talents may come out to help someone in march and april . look good and do good all year . kick back in the last month and love those countless , quiet , intimate moments ! $ mysteries , secrets , and powerful dreams may occupy you this year . your normal outside world will not be forgotten , people and finances will not be neglected , but psychic energies may intrude and call for your attention . it may not always be convenient , especially in the beginning . insights and sharp thinking can help you handle any difficulties with friends in november . feelings and psychic gifts may confuse then cooperate with desires in february . be careful but give yourself a chance to succeed with others . the last month is pivotal , with great good luck and love , and a chance for a clear view into your own ( and maybe another 's ) heart ! $ it 's a bright new year when you can see yourself in a whole new light . you do not have to totally reinvent yourself , but it 's possible . concentrate on the fine points and small things about yourself that could make the biggest differences . by the end of the first month you may feel totally different , happier , and more secure about yourself . friends are there for you in november , even if they do not agree with every word you say . flattery will not fool you in february . be gracious anyway . be energetic in april , and share liberally all the rest of the lucky , lovely , and loving year ! $ you 're at your smartest and most critical this year , so go for constructive criticism and keep spirits high . you may find yourself being the natural leader among your friends in the fall . do not invest too much energy , but let things develop as they will . do something radical and fun just for yourself in january . you deserve it . a peek into your deepest desires or into the heart of a would - be lover could happen in february . be brave . high energy and the willingness to help someone in april or may could make you even happier by year 's end . it 's a modest but magnificent year ! $ money and material well - being could be the focus of this year , in all the best ways . you can be shrewd and practical and still nice about it all , and this can smooth any rough waters and take you to higher ground and better places . people may be bold with you in october and november , but you 're level - headed and secure in your facts . lead the way to fun with your friends in november and december . empty sweet talk gets nowhere in february . the real romantic deal may come along in the last two months , so keep that smile and open - hearted disposition ! what a grand year ! $ things can click and fall into place for you in the material world this year . generosity , good timing , and just being smart will all contribute to your financial progress . details are easier to manage , so watch that budget , pay the bills on time , and enjoy being with your favorite people , especially in the fall . big pleasures can come to you at zero or very little cost in january . a romantic fantasy may find you in february . enjoy , but do not flounder in it . do some favors in april and be rewarded . the last month is full of gifts and glamorous times ! have a proactive , prosperous year ! $ look forward to busy times and many short jaunts and field trips this year . friends may try to send you off on errands in november , possibly your busiest month . indulge them if it pleases you . you are well - grounded and will not neglect your own needs , so once your essentials are met , feel free to pick and choose your options . you may be healthier than you feel in the winter . do not feel guilty , however , if you choose to slow down and go easy . you get to relax , too ! after a slightly busy april , enjoy many sensible , peaceful days and sweet hours . you 've earned them ! $ you are in charge this year , and people will do as you ask . the universe may not obey , but on the day - to - day scale , you exert great influence . be compassionate , ambitious , and make great progress this year . people may challenge you and try to be difficult , mostly in november and later near the end of the year . be gracious , but do not back down unless you decide it 's wise . be wise in the winter , and take good basic care of yourself . share wisdom and advice with superiors in april and may , and be socially promoted . it 's a year of power , plenty , and sweet passions ! $ look forward to busy times around your neighborhood , both fun times and growth opportunities . if your opinions of friends or family are changing , you are not being fickle . you 're observing , learning , and seeing deeper . be highly sharp , practical , and meticulous in the first month . this helps you deal with people in november . do something wild , crazy , and maybe moneymaking in january . shake off a self - deception in february . in april react with wit , cleverness , and good training when something unexpected arises . july and august are more fun filled ( though maybe not as relaxing ) , with lots to do with lots of people - plus a possible behind - the - scenes romance ! $ treasure your home and then go boldly forth ! you 'll feel at home anywhere in the world you go . you should not feel awkward or out of place no matter where you are or what you 're doing . your communication and people skills make you popular from the first month on . take charge with friends in november and have many happy and well - organized short outings . home life glows with holiday warmth in december and continues throughout the year . wake up to a false dream in february . the last two months shine with good luck , group entertainment , and perhaps a challenging but thrilling love interest near the end ! $ a more beautiful home and more comfortable refuge from the world could be priorities for you this year . the first month you may rethink how your home functions for others , but really you 're more focused on yourself . in november you may sacrifice a bit of comfort or glamour with friends at home , but that will not last . you should have the arrangement you need by december or early january . rest well and write down your dreams in february . be clever and lucky in april , at first for others but later for yourself as well . end the year in the lap of luxury , satisfaction , and love ! $ relax this year in a bright , love - filled home life , with plenty of success out in the world , too ! the first month you may listen to others , but you do not have to accept it all . take power into your own hands in november and december and see friends yield to your suggestions and opinions . this do not require any harsh persuasion . january might have moments of nervous energy , mostly concerning home affairs , but things really are under control . startle your family in april and delight your friends in august . the year ends on a very high , bright , and happy note ! relax , be that wonderful you , and enjoy it all ! $ work and play come together for you this year , so love what you do and benefit from it all . a hobby or social activity could turn lucrative and do more than pay for itself . in late september and october you may get an idea or glimpse of something fun turning functional , and by november friends may want to urge you on and play , too . a change at home could further make this possible . january brings you more fun and cooperative people . be responsible , but consider if you 're not passionate about it , then why do it ? starting in august the year shines with celebration , affection , and love ! $ enjoy a lot of people discovering you . being even - tempered and fun - loving will serve you well all year long . a clever idea or insight could cause some ripples here or there , but you know what you like and you know it 's worth it in the end . november lets you be in charge with friends and relatives when it comes to decisions close to home . a high hope may prove to be too high in february . be grateful rather than disappointed . have extra energy for pleasure , people , and good purposes from april through year 's end . love could quietly surprise you in the last month ! $ build that self - confidence and great inner glow that bring admiration and opportunity your way ! if an intimate someone is critical of you , rest assured a secret admirer thinks you 're beyond perfect . be honest but gentle with yourself in the first month , and turn up that smile . people are looking for it . friends , fun , and encouragement are yours in november . some disapproval at home in january might briefly slow you down , but keep smiling . any self - doubts should be eradicated after february . good luck , good times , and many happy , congenial people may be the norm by summer . and that secret admirer could appear by year 's end ! $ look and feel your the most dreamy this year ! this could attract many admirers , especially secret ones . if you are not ready to encounter them all , respect your health and comfort level . people could bring you adventurous ideas in the first month , but the ideas will not be functional until maybe the spring . friends will want to do meaningful as well as fun things in november . make suggestions , expand , and enjoy . health , basic well - being , and solid daily routine are important in february and march . the last two months could introduce you to some of those secret admirers . if comfortable , be the answer to a special someone 's dream . $ it 's a glorious year for romance and partnerships of all kinds ! if secure in a relationship , you could go deeper still . the first month is filled with practical plans and innovative ways to make life work better . november and december may be full of friends , small errands , and short trips . a practical consideration at home could shake you free in january . pay more attention to your own needs in february . you do not have to face all this alone , however . a romantic connection or other loving assistance is yours from now till year 's end , and it 's especially powerful in the last two months ! $ find that new love , find a new facet in your current love , or perhaps see a stalled love come back to life ! any of these are possible this year . during the first month think clearly and be crystal clear about your role in relationships . in november friends provide a bit of levity and good , silly fun . a drastic change at home in january might alarm some but will work out perfectly . if romance rocks your world in april , you can rock back . work and your place in the world are solid and getting luckier and sweeter as the year ends ! $ something that surprised you in the past could come back to work its positive magic again ! think conservatively as the year opens , but if you see a clever new idea or approach to life , you 'll recognize it . money may preoccupy you in october , but it will mostly be other people 's money . learn some good and useful lessons for yourself . january zooms in on home and perhaps the dramatic resolution to some nagging dissatisfaction . trust your own taste and decisions in february . people may preoccupy you in april but the following months are all yours . be happy and productive . it 's an elegant , intimate final month ! $ solid solutions and pleasing results are priorities this year . even if they 're not yet attainable , you 're crafting how you want things to be and making plans to get there . inspiration brings practical ideas in october . money matters might also improve . take charge of fun as well as entertainment expenses in november . friends will be appreciative . make that small but all - important change at home in january . take better care and love yourself more in february . you deserve it . enjoy helping someone in may . you 're really helping yourself . the last two months are full of unexpected good luck , several blessings , hugs and kisses , too ! $ the world is a beautiful place , and this year you may find ways to enjoy and perhaps care for more of it . the year begins more concerned with the mundane but important daily life issues , but with no upsets or setbacks here your attention may begin to expand to bigger realms of your life . horizons may broaden in november when friends become interested in new places , cultures , or simply new restaurants . be good to yourself ( and your stomach ) in february . work seems steady and not overly demanding . if you 're not growing flowers , a lover may start bringing them before year 's end ! $ be articulate and charming this year , and perhaps speak for those who cannot speak for themselves . you know what matters . work and finances look stable enough to permit more public involvement - and enjoyment , too . cultivate diplomacy and find energetic companions in the first month . in november interact with sympathetic friends , but do not be overly ambitious . a home affair may need attention in january . people will offer help should you request it . respect your health and energy level in february . be highly visible in june . people will remember and seek you out again in july and august . better than fame - bask in good luck , good deeds , and love ! $ communicate with a lot of people and get your message across this year ! you know what you need , want , and would like to share with the world . it do not have to be in words . you 're already clever , but observe and develop more in october . money or some possession may also take on new meaning , so be alert . november is busy with friends and maybe some fantasies . budget your time . kick - start something big and wonderful at home in january . shine in public in june , and take that popularity with you to the end of the year . add great good luck , regal pleasures , and abiding love ! $ it 's a great year to focus on career and work - related plans and desires . if choosing or building a career , networking and word of mouth are two of your most powerful tools . your public presence and communication skills are topnotch , and you 'll be seen and heard , whatever you do . make it good ! your keenest discrimination ( and perhaps the most valuable lesson or insight of the year ) comes in october . be wise with money in november and quick to act in december . be bold with a partner in april . shine brightest in june , attracting a year 's worth of luck , love , and happiness ! $ work and home will cooperate and support each other for you this year , when there 's not an emotional tug of war happening . be practical , do your best wherever you are , and do not get pulled either way . make wise decisions in the first month , and do not second - guess yourself . be thoughtful with expenses in november . friends amuse you in december , but do not exhaust yourself or your credit line . someone at home may want you in january . springtime could freshen up the romance scene . be your best , most solid , and most popular at work in july . this shines straight into your home and love life through year 's end ! $ feelings and emotional attachments drive a lot of this year for you , especially about your work and public image . if you 're shy , it may be uncomfortable for a while , but there are advantages to a high profile . act thoughtfully in october . something nice could become affordable in november . let others do the loud talking in december . something you already love at home could improve in january . be flattered by a repeat offer of love in the spring . gain more support , experience , and respect in june . your heart leads the way through a year of brilliant achievements and great love ! $ enjoy great social activities and being part of a larger crowd ! reserve energy for home and other daily needs , but break out of the mold . if not yet up for excitement , sit quietly until the spirit moves you . honor your own needs and opinions in the first month , enjoy mutual material support with a loved one in november , then brace yourself for a busy , buoyant december . invitations , phone calls , and texts - some romantic - pour in during the springtime . screen those calls in april . august glitters with happy company and big events . slow down but do not cool down in the last month , when love may be sweetest ! $ many lucky chance encounters can happen for you this year ! you might never meet again , but your lives and hearts will be touched , perhaps in a deep , permanent way . the first month is rich with self - discovery . be grateful for insights and lessons . finances are stable and sensible in november and remain so even when tested by social demands late in the year . do what matters to you in december - good friends will join you . a brash love interest may find ( or re - find ) you in april or may , to return yet again in august . keep your heart strong ! it 's a magnificent , memorable year ! $ feel regal and act with nobility ! that 's how people see you , however you feel . strong , true feelings and powerful , clear thoughts are yours in october . remember or write these down . an old favorite comfort may sustain you through any insecurity in november . be gentle but firm if challenged by friends in december . healing dreams are yours in february . be realistic and health conscious , too . a romantic fling or celebrating the anniversary of one brightens your world in april and may . daily responsibilities remain under control and in the background , so the last two months can be as fun filled and socially satisfying as you please ! $ form your own impressions and make your own observations this year . your firsthand experience has never been so important . the first month , a karmic discovery awaits you to put a few puzzle pieces together . trust your judgment in november , but do not be too proud to double - check , particularly regarding money . a false impression or too much wishful thinking in february could be corrected near the end of the year . it 's never too late - or too early - to raise that psychic antenna and sharpen those powers of rational thought . your heart will benefit , too , and attract just the right kind of love and lover ! $ be your most charming and persuasive this year one on one . social and public settings will be pleasant and successful enough , but you 'll excel on the more intimate stage . late in october be considerate of others and yourself . combine shrewdness and tact to your financial advantage in november . if you take more initiative on the romance scene in april , it may still be hard to resist some old , cozy groove . regardless , enjoy the good times . good luck and high spirits in august may be fun but not so easy to share . the last month is all yours for your heart to treasure ! $ step into your own light this year ! a karmic peek into your own mind is possible in october . get finances and expenses under firmer control in november . fun and adventures near to home are on your cosmic agenda in december . friends will encourage this . love and be loved in a bolder and more vocal way in march . disagreements should not be necessary . even you should notice a more self - confident , outgoing mood by july and august . connect better with more people in the last two months , and leave room in your heart for that most intimate and special one ! $ it 's a year of self - discovery , and the awakening of new passions and self - love ! remember any birthday dreams and let a week pass before looking for hidden meanings . be financially responsible and solid in november , just on principle . you 're on sound footing . you may need some amusement with friends in december . love , with all its thrills and risks , enlivens the springtime . you will not have to be outrageous to get noticed . your social life heats up in august . be popular and see new places with new people . pay more attention to your health and appearance in the last month . it will make you even more lovable and charming ! $ be so mentally sharp and observant that others suspect you of reading their minds . overlook nothing , however small , and then easily make sense of what the world shows you . your psychic talents ( and they 're considerable ) are in addition to these mental skills . be at your best in october , and use what you learn all year long . december is active with friends , neighbors , and casual acquaintances . february is creative , fun , and dreamy . love sparkles and amazes you in march and april . be the figurehead in your social set in august ( although you do not have to pick up every tab ) . it 's a powerful , empowering year ! $ material well - being and basic financial health may attract your attention this year . the first month may give you a clearer picture of where and what you want to be in relation to others and the world at large . you may feel a tinge of insecurity and dissatisfaction in november and december . hold yourself to realistic standards ( not impossible ones ) , do the spreadsheet , and see that you 're really fine and under control . indulge in more free - spirited thoughts and pleasures in february . be relaxed but diligent all year long , and enjoy a few glamorous moments in august . it 's a year of love and treasures ! $ you may discover that the world really does love you and that you are your severest critic . finances may come under close personal scrutiny this year , especially in november and december . be reasonable and realistic , then treat yourself as well as you try to treat others . why imagine crises far worse than anything real ? spend time with friends in december . enjoy artistic , spiritual , or just plain fun in february . you deserve it . follow your heart and surprise yourself in april . be safe , of course . be more big - hearted in august and let others enjoy your company . let others love you at year 's end ! $ you could be the life of the party all year long and dance the nights away . friends , neighbors , and favorite family members are there for you - and you for them - when things get challenging or stalled this year . you may feel under budget constraints and in less than a party mood in november , but that turns around in december . a sudden , necessary change at home in january can greatly improve your peace of mind and family relationships . love may crash in on you in april . enjoy the thrill and do not feel threatened . social life spins in high speed in august . thrill to it all ! $ it 's a fiery , big - hearted year in which it may be hard to refuse any offer or request . friends and neighbors will not intend to intrude on you or your resources so much , but you may offer more than is practical or necessary . this may occur mostly in december . be calmer and just as friendly , and be creatively inspired in february . a languishing or long - forgotten relationship might flash to life in april . if it do not ring true in your heart , well , life is change , is it not ? be gracious anyway . august is a gloriously social time . a provocative love turns positively sweet at year 's end ! $ friends and fun times close to home will make this a pleasant , relaxing year ! you may save your special charms for an intimate few , but everyone will enjoy your company and idea of fun . make some new friends and try out a fresh social scene . money is fine , but watch that budget in november . a big change at home in january may keep you close , but there are great things to do nearby . a partner or love interest could surprise you in the springtime , or you may be the one doing the surprising . friends are your good luck ! be loved all year ! $ home and being happy may be big priorities this year . you 're practical minded and no doubt have some new ideas to make your home environment more to your liking . spend some of november writing down and costing out those plans . friends will be there in december to help you make changes and relax afterward . february may be the busiest or tensest . relax and enjoy what you 're doing . a creative or spiritual activity in march can help keep you on track . romantic excitement could light up your life in april or may . it 's a sunny year rich in comfort , company , and love ! $ it 's a great year to bring home life and social life into better accord and surround yourself with happy family and friends . your playful , clever nature encourages people to listen to what you have to say . older people and relatives may be drawn to you - and be generous - in november . be busy and renew contacts in december . january may draw you deep into a home concern that will greatly enhance your overall environment . do not stress over any changes . love suddenly enters the scene in april . enjoy some rare peace and quiet until august reignites life with big fun and affection ! $ listen to your inner child this year and watch happiness and creativity bloom ! you 're completely practical and methodical , so most people will not suspect your wild , playful inner life that makes everything else possible . be conservative about spending , especially in november , and have plenty of resources for the artistic fun you need . december could bring many invitations to parties at friends ' homes . intimate is good ! a major change or shakeup in january could startle you out of taking your own home for granted . great goodwill come from this , so relax . march is creative , april is loving , and summer is big fun ! it 's a transformative year ! $ your inner child is near the surface this year and will lead you to many joyous and creative times ! you 're smart and naturally cautious , so there should be very little risk involved . you may be especially cautious regarding money in the autumn , but this will relax and leave you with more than enough resources for everything you need and want . you may crave new romantic excitement in the spring . work and rest well so you can be ready for a boost in your social life in august . the last few weeks of the year may be the loveliest and most affectionate of all ! $ goodwill and the desire to help others may be what you want most to do this year , and that 's wonderful so long as you take good care of yourself , too . think clearly and responsibly in the first two months , have energy to burn in december , and be ready for any surprise from any friend in january . maintain healthy habits in february and march . a change in partners is possible in april , or perhaps an improvement in attitude between you . it 's all good . the last two months are gloriously busy , fun , and romantic , so rest up and be good to yourself ! $ you have a high - energy year ahead , with plenty of motivation to sweep through those important little things that used to slow you down . start by being methodical and patient , step up to being more efficient and capable ( especially regarding money ) in the second month , then you can burst out , perhaps with a few friends , and tackle the world in the third month . a disagreement or amazingly happy surprise from a partner may arise in april or may . after a few unperturbed months to work as usual , celebrate and enjoy congratulations from friends and lovers . it 's a satisfying , spectacular year ! $ love could light up your world in a big way this year ! if already together , what is already great may get unbelievably better . if single , that state may not last . if not interested , well , that could change . the first quarter of the year is rock solid and practical . you may imagine problems with money in november , but nothing is seriously wrong . dream and enjoy big fun in february . love explodes on the scene in april . after a few months to cool down , big - time romance strikes again in august . step back from the limelight and cozy up with your special flame at year 's end ! $ you 're especially well loved and appreciated this year . you may not hear the words , but they 'll be in people 's hearts . charm and exquisitely clear thinking are yours , starting with the first month . if you feel nervous about money in november , by december you 'll see just how well you 're doing . take good care of yourself in march and april , and do not be caught off guard by illness or fatigue . love embraces you from family , friends , and that magical secret other in may . continue treating yourself well and meeting life 's daily necessities , and be ready for a splendidly social summer . love overflows in the last month ! $ love is rarely so luxurious and secure as it will be this year . people will love you on sight , and that special someone will not be able to do enough to make you happy . your deeper , more serious nature will only make you more desirable and mysterious from the first month on . you 'll be interested in everything and friends will not be able to keep up , especially in winter . be safe and healthy in april and pampered in may and june . social life and work may overlap , to everyone 's benefit , starting in august . the last month may be the most charming and charmed of all ! $ you have all the energy and tenacity you want or need this year , so do not hesitate ! you 'll do everything with class and composure , too . you 'll always have the right word for the right person , starting in the first month . your authority and money decisions will be sound and unquestioned in november . reserve time and happily blow off steam with friends in december . respect your own well - being in march and april . in may someone may need a substantial favor . do what you can and feel good . work gets busy and lucrative in the summer . love and luxury round out a great year ! $ communicate perfectly , say what you really mean , and hear what others really intend . with your infinite charm and irresistible smile , people will gladly answer your questions . a subtle sense of humor endears you to people in the first month . your patient , practical grasp of money matters impresses others . do not be anxious about anything this year . time with friends may be important in december . a happy fantasy could make february pleasant . take extra good care of yourself in april . you deserve it . talk , listen , and maybe help someone out in june . work is steady and generous , private life and love even more so ! $ horizons broaden and the whole world becomes your learning place . the only hard part is staying focused on one thing long enough to fully understand it . it 's no matter when life is this interesting , engaging , and fun ! think deeply and clearly in the first month . if you 're insecure about money or possessions in november , relax . things are fine . be energetic and upbeat with friends in december . be safe and health conscious in april . maybe take a trip or watch an inspiring travelogue in june . you could have a lucky break or gratuity in the summer - oh , and extra - charming love as the year ends ! $ connect with people you care about , no matter how far away or how long since you saw them last . someone might contact you in the first month , or perhaps they 'll just come to mind . you could get sentimental about an old possession or souvenir in november and want to spring into action and spend time with more people in december . make a new spiritual friend or two in february . be sure to take good care of yourself , and do not experiment with too many crazy new diets in april . enjoy your work in the summer , and positively love the end of the year ! $ feel at home anywhere in the world this year , and get attached to a few new favorite places , people , and things . your great natural charm will make you popular no matter where you are . your clear , thoughtful nature makes you easy to get along with . being practical , energetic , and enthusiastic in the first three months will propel you through a successful , happy rest of the year . a brief escape into fantasy lightens up february . play it safe in april . a trip is possible in july . work is pleasant and plentiful in august . the last month is full of harmony , happiness , and love ! $ be more visible at work and pay more attention to how others see you . in the first month you may fine - tune your appearance and think about how to control what others think and say about you . just be your basic charming , competent self . be motivated to improve your income and manage money more wisely in november . take good care of yourself and glow with health in april . advancement at work , or perhaps more satisfying work , is possible in july and august . do not be overeager and chase any good luck away . it 's a powerful , successful year full of richness and love ! $ you 'll be on a lot of people 's radar this year , and having such a public presence will bring you much good luck . your mental and social skills are at their peak and work together flawlessly , starting in the first month . pace yourself and do not overwork , especially in november and april . money and possessions may motivate you in december , making it sometimes hard to slow down . find artistic or spiritual release in february . you glow in the work world in august . an increase in money , reputation , and recognition are all possible . be modest and know you 're worthy . enjoy a glorious , glamorous year ! $ it 's a great year to launch a new career or business or build a public image . you have plenty of energy and motivation to excel at dealing with large numbers of people , making everyone happy . speak with gentle authority in the first month . if you 're feeling a bit old , that will stop when energy booms for you in december . do not overextend or get overambitious , but reserve some of that extra motivation and money . be joyful and inspired . respect your health in february and march . be strong and rested for summer - you 'll be at your most conspicuous , competent , and lucky ! $ associations , clubs , and social life are big - and lucky - priorities this year . people relate to you easily and enjoy your company , which can mean networking success . if you need more private time in the first month , it could be scarce . in december people will give you many leads and fuel your drive for more money and possessions . there could be a major shift or change in your neighborhood in january . be safe and healthy in april . star at work and perform well in august . friends , fans , and supporters admire you in the last two months - and so does that special intimate someone ! $ think big , talk with lots of people , and go out and be seen ! it 's no time to hide out with a small circle of friends and associates . think instinctively before you act in the first month , and balance charm and mature sophistication . a monetary windfall ( maybe some borrowed money returned to you ? ) or valuable gift may find you in december . say thank you . dream big in february . avoid needless risks in april , and play it safe and happy . be more prominent at work in august , and do not shirk from being more in charge . get social and popular in september . it 's a fun , fabulous year ! $ you can build complicated teams and partnerships and keep as many of your actions as quiet as you please this year . you can achieve a huge amount behind the scenes , and people will appreciate your discretion . you 're at your most charming and clever . your authority is strong in the first month . december ignites your drive to acquire better income and possessions . wishful thinking in february attracts people to you in march . be realistic and take care of yourself in april . a lucky career break or some public action raises your prestige . the last month is extremely powerful for you - smart , sexy , and immensely comforting ! $ take the soft approach and use your infinite charm and sharp wit , starting in the first month , and be successful and well received all year long . act with authority and maturity . respect your health and any physical limitations , however . find new sources and connections for income and desired possessions in december . a sudden change near home could affect you and your friends in january . be healthy and safe in april and stay active and energized . work is lucrative and lucky in the summer . the last month is intimate and full of luxury and love ! it 's a magnificent year ! $ popularity and charm are among your greatest secret weapons this year . you seem to read people 's minds and hearts , and nobody can resist your personal magic one - on - one . speak with a more conservative and respected voice in the first month . work hard behind the scenes in december and be rewarded for your efforts . share your creative imagination with others in february . take some extra precautions in april and respect your health . eat and rest well . good times and generous work situations fill august . in the last month thinking is stellar , feelings are powerful and empathetic , and love is tremendous ! $ niceness gets serious for you this year as you realize just how great it is to be able to be both . a deeper side of you emerges early , and people instantly respect you more and listen to what you have to say . you can modify this to suit your place and company , and your instincts will be flawless . be smart and ambitious in december . be conservative and a bit self - protective in april and commanding at work in august . things go your way socially in september . the year ends with you in full control of your critical thinking and tender feelings . love and be loved deeply ! $ think clearly , sharply , and quickly all year long . others may get confused from time to time , but you 'll instantly see through to what 's most important to solve any problem . be good to yourself , but do not take yourself too seriously , especially in the first few months . work hard in december and see material gains , though not as big as your dreams . dream big again - spiritually this time - in february . work opportunities and good luck explode for you in august . the last month is for retrospection , a bit of cool quiet time , and maybe some hot love ! have a sharp , sizzling year ! $ you 're on fire to make your mark and win whatever prize has caught your eye . while money and material possessions may be the superficial focus , your mind and heart will not stop there . being responsible and mature gains you popularity as the year begins . people will work with you in december to the material benefit of all . you 're extremely practical and motivated , a powerful combination . enjoy a meditative or spiritual respite in february and emerge stronger . be safety conscious in april . be prominent and effective at work in august to even more benefit and respect . in the last month reflect , relax , and get romantic ! $ your mind and heart are strongly in sync this year , bringing great material progress . you add sincere charm and maturity to everything you do , and people respond to this . take your well - being seriously , and be at your strongest and best all year long . self - motivation gets practical in december , and doors will open and lucrative offers will be made to you . be proactive , inventive , but cautious in april and see daily benefits , however modest . be popular , masterful , and in charge of your situation at work in august . your private thoughts and most intimate feelings come out full force at year 's end ! $ this is a high - octane year for you , when there will be no stopping you once you get going ! money and possessions ( including your own body ) are of utmost concern , and you 'll pursue the best and the most you can achieve all year . your serious concern for others gives you a great advantage , and so does your determination to take care of business . be smart and steer clear of any risky situations or actions , so be safe and healthy . be lucky at work in august , though everything might not be easy . enjoy a year vastly rich in affluence and affection ! $ friends and good times near to home smooth out a busy year . you 're popular and people trust you . slightly more old - fashioned manners or presentation could improve how people see you . be keen and active in pursuit of more income or material acquisitions in december . heavy - duty january is when friends or neighbors might present a scare . do not get nervous or paranoid stay cool and practical and help others cruise through the event . good feelings and intentions abound at home . good health and basic safety deserve extra attention . perform well at work in august and gain prestige and possibly future benefits . it 's a brilliant year ! $ desire for security and good times with friends and family may tug at your heart this year . a gracious , graceful attitude endears you to older relatives and especially female friends in the first three months . a strong practical streak may cause people to turn to you for help and advice in january . there 's plenty of time and outlet for pleasant times and fun , so do not let any imaginary fears ruin this for you . home is a more magical and inspiring place in february . be healthy and safe in april , and very successful at work in the summer . have a bright , loving year ! $ imagine what you want to do and have at home , and set in motion some of those changes now . older relatives and friends - and possibly some older women friends - will instantly understand and support you . work hard in december , see more cash flow , and save and apply to your future plans . a big change in the life of a friend or neighbor in january could further set you in motion . be inspired and inspiring at home . avoid any hazards , major or minor , in april . after some stunning good luck at work in summer , prepare for peace and massive love as the year ends ! $ be lucky and prominent all year ! you may be very productive behind the scenes , but you 're going to be spending more time at center stage , so do not overlook how productive that can be , too . cultivate extra charm and quiet good sense the first month . money may come , go , and come again in january . this will only further motivate you . home life becomes sweet and satisfying in february . hearts meet and dreams come to life . have mischievous fun in april . dazzle people at work and in public , with recognition and reward to come , especially in august . calm reflection and warm affection complete a great year ! $ your fondest wishes and plans for home may take work , but you have the vision , the means , and the luck to accomplish wonderful things for your home and family . accept invitations and suggestions in the first two months . a money matter could flare in january , resolving very much in your favor . your home environment gets refined , dreamy , and more comfortable and comforting in february and march . spread your wings and be creative in april . work becomes important in august . do your best , be gracious , and reap great rewards . september and october are more subdued and private . a romantic revelation answers a karmic question at year 's end ! $ have great fun and share great joy with many people this year ! derive maximum satisfaction by being creative and encouraging others to follow their dreams . you 're attractive , smart , and patient , so the year may start slowly , but it will not be boring . keep track of your money in january , and do not make any rash decisions . home will be a dreamy refuge in february and march . the most intense time could be april and may . make the most of it . luck and popularity peak in july and august . make the most of this , too . an important lesson in october will serve you well for a long time ! $ surprise and the ability to turn the unexpected your way will be superpowers for you this year ! maintain control , do not get carried away with the thrill , and see great things happen almost on their own . being popular and practical brings many friends and allies in the first month . a money surprise could happen in january , so be sharp and do not overreact . relax with family in february . watch for wild fun and romance in april . be in the spotlight and prosper at work all summer long . catch your breath and cozy up to a smarter , more serene relationship in the last month ! $ be a bundle of energy on a daily basis this year ! if work or home routines get boring , you 'll find endless ways to vary things and keep your interest fresh . take good care of your health and make incredible progress . be financially motivated in january and generate some extra income . be motivated for some fresh fun in april and may . keep track of the little things in june . expertly handle big things at work in august and see rewards . schedule quiet time in the last two months and have a private insight with positive karmic results . extra love and good company conclude the year ! $ decide what you really want to have and then apply slow , steady pressure to make it happen ! be pleasant and practical with everyone , and make new friends to share your adventures this year . impatience with money or some valued possession could cause some stress in january . relax and do not imagine difficulties . in may and june you may question your resolve , but be systematic , trust your judgment , and find your answers . a big lucky break at work or in some other public setting in august could take you to a higher place . love , wisdom , and a personal insight are yours this year ! $ love , romance , and all things charming and seductive will surround you this year ! some will be fantasy , but very few . love will have substance and solidity , to have and to hold . the first month set your intentions , establish your style , and let companions know what you like and expect . appearances matter . watch the budget because shopping could be big in february . a wild romantic fling in april has thrills but will not last . in may and june your heart settles down and you could meet that special someone . be big - hearted all summer . insightful discussion and deep affection fill the last few months ! $ love sparkles as never before ! if you 're looking for that ideal heartthrob , more than one could show up at your door . if you 're not , love is still going to be the prime mover for this year . in the first month you may have the tastes of a perfectionist , but you crave variety , too . one big night out in january might need the whole month 's budget if you 're not careful . recover in comfort at home during february and march . june promises the most romantic times , thrilling new places , and elegant occasions . feel regal ( if not worshipped ) all summer . treasure those memories at year 's end ! $ you 'll be a natural problem solver this year . even when there 's no time to think , you 'll spot the solution right away . as the year starts you 'll be thinking in simple , direct , practical ways that cut through the most complex of situations . a financial matter in february will be easily resolved . your people - pleasing skills will also smooth the way . relax and enjoy home life in february and march . kick up those heels and dance in april ! be the center of attraction in august . watch the summer 's great good luck persist all the rest of the year . be especially loved and appreciated in the last few months ! $ taking care of business ranks high for you this year , and a lot of that business may not even be yours . be patient , listen , and take time to reply , especially with loved ones in the first two months . keep to that budget and stay secure in january . make your home more loving and lovely in february . in april surprise someone with an old favorite trick they 've never seen you do . june and july may be busy with other people 's concerns . do what you can and have no regrets . win hearts in august and win minds in october . it 's a splendid , loving year ! $ enjoy a lot of mutual concern and give and take among friends and family this year . no one will feel stranded or forgotten when times are easy or rough . be the tactful voice of reason for your family in the first few months . put more energy into increasing income in january , and see quick results . mind the budget , though . decompress with some mildly crazy fun in april and may . people may need one another in july - be there and be cherished . be sublimely lucky and popular in august . as the year ends , be greatly respected , loved , and admired ! $ big thinking and big family support take you very far this year ! spend the first month being clear about how you want to look and act , and then be practical about pursuing your immediate goal . take one thing at a time . some extra energy and attention to budget and earnings will pour added income your way in january . a sweet dream at home in february could enter the waking world . be popular and widely respected in july and august . casual friends may look at you differently after october . a true love will never lose sight of the real you , though . it 's a love - filled year ! $ take the long view this year and be bold in your plans for the future . big changes for the better could be set in motion now . practicality and good presentation will help you accomplish a lot in the first month . be bold but not daring or reckless with money in january if a big opportunity comes your way . nurture that big private dream in march . creative boldness can bring success in april . see and be seen in july and august . be self - assured and comfortable with others . you may reassess some of your decisions and opinions in the last month . let yourself be richly loved ! $ your challenge this year is to not doubt your great good luck and to feel deserving of all the success that 's coming your way . you have all the social graces and good sense needed to achieve your goals , so step out of the shadows , smile , and proceed . the first month is crucial to building momentum , so allow no excuses . a financial opportunity could open up in january . be smart and decisive . a spiritual touchdown may bring you comfort in february . opportunity , timing , and popular support are all yours in august . do not be nervous and look the other way . it 's a bright , golden , love - filled year ! $ your lucky star is shining bright , bringing you more popularity , respect , and recognition than you feel prepared to receive . people love you , and you return the affection . in the first month give thought to how you want the world to see you and then conform to your own view of you . money may come and go and come again in january . be practical and prepared . spend some healing time at home in february . july and august will put you in the spotlight and bring many people your way . a quiet person may have a special love for you . sweet , intimate memories reflect this rich year ! $ career , prosperity , and success come together for you this year ! as your daily work advances your career plans , happiness and fulfillment follow . your authority will be respected , starting in the first month . people will like you and like how you do things . a business or money opportunity ( or outright gift ) might appear in january . be sharp , smart , and gracious . friends provide fanciful amusement in february . april has exciting fun . august and september are your months to shine brightest at work and in public . in the last month look back at how far you 've come and see how much love surrounds you ! $ people will hear your voice and want to hear what you have to say ! they will mostly agree and comply , too . make new friends in the first month , though some may not last long . money or a valuable article might come your way in january . you know how to take good care of things . friends give you a spiritual lift in february . crazy fun or hot romance flashes in april or may . be thrust into the public eye in august , and be a central figure at work in september , all to your great credit . it 's a smart , shining , and sexy year ! $ let people into your life and they will take you good places ! if not much of a joiner or group person , you may become one in a minor way this year . after the first month you 'll feel as attractive as people perceive you to be . have confidence in your money - handling abilities , too , particularly in january and february when there may be more money to handle . relax with neighborhood friends in march . be bold but not reckless in april and may . watch the budget in august and participate in community generosity . from october until year 's end is rich in company and intimate love ! $ trust yourself , let people support you , and succeed ! relax any severe self - criticism in the very first month and cheerfully go out there and try things . energy , money , and a sudden opportunity are yours in january . be sensible but not reticent . talk to people and ask opinions and advice , especially in february . you 'll hear hopes and wishes as often as practical tips . all may be useful in time . be a rebel in april and then let it go . get happily lost in a generous crowd in august . october and november have karmic insights and connections that show you just how deeply you 're respected and loved ! $ social life and friends may become more important to you this year ! be your normal , friendly self , but let your heart open to better appreciate true friends and kindred spirits . money or some big gift in january could bring you new friends , some of them fair - weather ones . you 'll spot them . time with established , trusted friends in february more than makes up for past excitement . break out in april with some passionate fun . be safe , though . dance in the big crowd in august and then waltz into october , when you may prefer a smaller group . the year is full of fun , good people and better and better love ! $ have some brilliant insights about the people in your life . you do not have to share your new knowledge with anyone , though you might confide in one or two special intimates . people like you and will want to talk with you , especially in the first month . the second month , real life and money concerns may steal your attention and be of great benefit later . this could come in handy at home in april . your social life picks up in august , though you may not feel totally connected with everyone . the last month gets intense , perhaps with a secret uncovered and the return of a deep love ! $ it 's a new year and a new you with fresh passion in your heart ! people may please you more , and they will be drawn to your sheer love of life . in january a passion - or just a better appreciation - for money and possessions could spur you to find more income in a more pleasing way . if a friend hurts your feelings in february , forgive and forget . make a small but radical change at home and be happy . do something social and grand , but affordable , in august . the last month look back critically but sympathetically on all you 've done and enjoyed . it 's a passionate , love - filled year ! $ be your own shining light this year and see how many people love and follow you ! no matter what great advice or recommendations you receive , your decision will be the right one . let material concerns motivate you in january and perhaps acquire more than you anticipated . be there for friends in february , but do not take everything personally . touch up something at home and greatly please yourself , if no one else . august is festive , if expensive , so take care . the last two months are full of plans , reconsideration , and memories . you know who loves you . be loved and love back . it 's a very powerful year ! $ your generous spirit drives you forward to happiness and success ! keep yourself in the equation of life , help others , and greatly help yourself . material well - being is the focus of january , and you have energy and luck to profit from all your work . friends offer relief , comfort , and fun in february . in march and april fill your home with a fresh feeling that 's pure you . august can get exhausting and expensive , so respect some limits , as hard as that may be . the last month may have some frustrations , but do not get impatient or question any decisions you 've made this year . live and love to the fullest ! $ money and material security may be on your mind a lot this year , and you have the resources and support to take care of it all ! cheerfully work hard at what you love , and banish any anxieties . from the first , people like you and want you to succeed . january brings the first and perhaps biggest opportunity to nail down more income and financial security . be realistic , pragmatic , and proactive . watch expenses in august , but do not stint or feel deprived . in the last two months appraise this successful year , with plans for more success to come . be proud , love yourself , and be loved ! $ be brave and bold - hearted and charge through the year ! nothing can hold you back once you set a direction and goal for yourself . most of your energy and attention will go into practical projects , work , and money , so you could go very far indeed . january will be the most opportune time , so stay sharp and be ready . in the spring make a big personal change at home and have the comfort and peace you want and need . in august and september public concerns may impose , but you will not lose focus . end the year with a lot of gain in both material wealth and great affection and love ! $ the practical side of life will hold fewer mysteries for you this year ! finances and material possessions may occupy your attention , but you 'll never lose sight of the bigger picture or forget what all your work is for . people will see this and want to be with you and help when they can from the first month on . january could be the most intense and busy , so be ready for anything . august puts you in the public eye or socially more central . in the last few months you 'll see how far you 've come , how much you 've learned , and how very much love you 're receiving ! $ happy birthday greetings to you ! if you 're starved for new people , places , and things , you 'll be thrilled with this year . great variety and all things bright and beautiful will catch your eye , entertain , and enlighten you . you radiate charm , and people will enjoy your company . extra money could suddenly appear in january . see how much you can retain . february and march are happy , stimulating times at home and on short outings with friends . august lets you indulge your passions in a bigger way with more people . keep expenses under control if you can . the last two months hold the most personal progress and the deepest love and regard ! $ be inspired by your friends and share your loftiest aspirations and goals with those most intimate with you . you 're exceptionally charming this year , so people may spontaneously confide their dreams to you . be sympathetic and respectful . money and material concerns may take precedence in january . you 'll be skillful and energetic without forgetting your inspiration . friends and family reenergize you in march and april . be dynamic and popular in public in august . a karmic moment at work in october reinforces your resolve . the last two months are full of love and heartfelt wisdom from someone who may know you better than you know yourself ! $ it 's a pivotal year to complete something big or perhaps create a firm foundation for a long - cherished dream . either way , it 's a year of success , stability , and deep , strong roots into a prosperous future . self - confidence and support from friends and family are yours . money is there , too , though it may go out as well as come in . budget and plan accordingly . what you enjoy at home and with friends in the spring will expand and bring you popularity in the late summer . by october you 'll have accomplished a great deal and see ways to build on it . love is part of your foundation this year , too ! $ an endless supply of quiet charm can take you through a busy , productive year . be motivated to handle all manner of money issues in january , organize finances , and possibly see some improvement in income . do not think big - think practical . february has plenty of fun and fantasy escapes with good friends . see your home in a new light in march and april and be more happy and comfortable all the rest of the year . your small gestures and efforts will have big results , at work as well as socially , from august until year 's end . learn , love , and be loved in the biggest way ! $ overflow with energy and passion , and see a lot of lingering loose ends tied up and laid to rest . a smile at the right time can resolve a problem . imagine what an appropriate hug could do . january and february may be busy with earning more income and spending more time with friends , so be realistic and seek a balance . april and may enrich your home life and give you a stronger sense of direction . august may briefly put you in the public eye , but a temporary change can be good for morale . end the year smarter , more stable , and more secure in all your relationships . $ this year you 'll have a taste for fun and living life to the fullest . people will flock to your side , so there will be no lack of company or inspiration . you may do something new in the very first month that sticks with you for a long time . keep expenses in hand during january and a better cash flow is possible . friends provide dreamy entertainment in february . a family member could surprise you in april . relax . it 's nothing very new . summer offers bigger boisterous fun . balance work and play in october and benefit greatly . it 's a year of popularity , generosity , and love ! $ crazy fun and adventure may tug at you at times , but you have built - in restraints that keep the situation under control ! be both bold and realistic , and fulfill some of those dreams and urges . your work ethic ignites in a big way in january , giving you opportunities to improve your income . friends and big fantasies may fill up february . enjoy , but do not expect perfection . a smart but crazy - looking idea may solve an old problem at home in march or april . pursue your own plans uninterrupted , with a dash of big summer fun , and conclude the year wiser , admired , and greatly loved by someone you least expect ! $ your daily routine can be a great source of pleasure and discoveries this year if you can sit still long enough ! restlessness may be an issue , but never boredom . your natural charm will bring new people to you who will introduce you to no end of clever new places and things . money should be abundant , though you might want to spend more , often intending to share . enjoy , but remember to budget . receive generosity in august and september . an observation at work in october enhances your people skills . love and wisdom in love touch you in the last two months . it 's an exciting year ! $ romance and the yearnings for new love could fill your heart all year long . you will not need to go looking , since charm pours from your very presence . be careful about whom you smile ( or even look ) at ! in february imagine your dream partner and it could happen by june . be wildly popular all year , especially in summer . from august until year 's end people will want to treat you well . respond in kind , as finances allow . a karmic meeting could occur in october , but it may not click until much later . spend the closing months in a warm embrace of soulmate quality ! $ love touches many aspects of your life this year . be quietly popular and have many people seek you out for company and comfort . they will not all be needy - some will have comfort to offer you . someone may appreciate a change in you that you have not noticed or acknowledged . money and material concerns may profitably occupy you in late january . friends present a pleasant escape ( and perhaps a small problem or two ) in february . open discussions and open hearts are a theme for the whole year , but especially june . people greatly love you in august . gently touch many hearts by year 's end ! $ love of self , love of home , and that special tender , romantic love will guide this year ! you may be lured into loving the outlandish , too , especially in the first month . self - interest and a desire to have more to share will motivate you to work harder in february . friends may urge you to relax in march . consider it . something you love at home may displease a loved one in april . by june it will all be forgotten . be of service to people in august , and then give them the pleasure of pleasing you . great love and keen insights are yours before year 's end ! $ great forces gather beneath the surface of this low key year ! your intellect and people skills are at their peak , but you may still crave some major change . go easy on yourself and others all year . money and your talent for finding more are more than adequate , though you may question this in january and july . be realistic and plan accordingly . let friends pursue fantasies in february . you may not want to relocate , but an opportunity could arise in april . be realistic . relationships and love surround you as the months unfold ! if dissatisfied with your considerable progress , treasure all the love ! $ you do not have to solve everyone 's problems this year , but you certainly have the strength and know - how to do so . be sweet and firm as the year begins . see a radically different side of yourself in january . this can benefit you in your finances and in the work world in february and october . a change at home or with family could be big but no surprise in april or may . people may keep you busy with their problems in july and august . listening can be helpful , too . honesty and heart - warming clarity in an established love affair are yours in the final months ! $ it 's a generous , joy - filled year when the good luck you lavish on others reflects back on you ! the first month may be one of the richest , so open your heart right away . the second is rich in energy and drive to better yourself and your financial state . although things are fine , anything can be improved . friends can inspire you the next month . home life could see a simple but radical improvement in april and may . master a difficult situation in august and earn great respect . if your social life slows a bit , you may welcome the change of pace . it 's a love - filled , generous year ! $ you may not feel like a perfectionist , but this year you are . you have that magic touch to do all the little things exquisitely right . start the year listening and watching , and see method in any madness . work diligently in february and earn money as well as fondness and respect . keep aspirations high but expectations low in february and march . a surprise at home could distract you in april but will not make you careless . be wise , generous , and lucky for others - and you - in august . maybe cut back on social groups in november and spend more time relaxing with that special love ! $ make plans for a trip that 's been calling to you . it may not be far , but it will be far enough from daily routine to freshen your attitude , warm your heart , and expand your mind . even an imaginary trip can make possible a brilliant , accomplished year . be on the move in the first month and get inspired . be ambitious and successful in january and february . you 'll notice how much more you can do for yourself and others ( with apparently no extra effort ) in august and september . then love your peace and quiet , and the cozy affection that comes with it , the last few months ! $ you may feel a tug of war between wanting to live on the grand scale but work on the ideal , detailed , smaller scale . why choose when you can pursue both and succeed ? do serious brainstorming on the biggest plans the first month . the second month be motivated , ambitious , and willing to go it alone even if you 're working on behalf of others . respect a setback at home in april , but do not stop . august opens a lucky period . share , then greatly benefit . in september focus on details and advance socially . go slowly , love yourself , and attract lasting love in the last two months ! $ be popular wherever you go ! if not the brightest star , you 'll still shine and hear people call your name . your thoughts are lofty and your charm has practical aims . surprise yourself in the first month . be financially sensible and make great progress in february . relax with some wild , crazy friends in april . brilliant ideas and actions in august may not work out as planned . it is not your fault . smile and keep going . october is bright with popularity , success at work , and maybe a karmic gift . the last few months are calm , quiet , and passionate in all the right ways ! $ find that ideal job , excel at the work you have , or maybe finally recognize the work that feeds your soul ! you 're also a powerful people person , so work that crowd and nurture those relationships . the friends and decisions you make in the first two months will mean a lot in the summer and fall . make financial and business contacts in february and march . break loose with friends in april . enjoy being needed in august . favors done now will return many - fold . shine at work and in public in october , but be mindful of changes to come . respect , admiration , and love are all yours this year ! $ get serious about the work you love and see a year of success ! it 's easy to think through the big picture and then put together practical and popular plans that work like a charm . what looked like mere dreams last year can begin to happen in the first couple months . be ambitious and focused on a dream in march . extra money could follow . friends may disagree in april but no one will leave you . solve someone 's big problem and make a big impression in august . career opportunities abound in october . quiet , sincere , long - term affection finds you and ends the year with love ! $ career and a strong public presence can take you where you want to go ! clear , solid thinking and masterful social skills are only two of your gifts this year . work hard in february , do not underestimate yourself , and improve your finances . friends may tempt you into unwise but fun old habits in april . be nice but stay practical and decline . be big - hearted in august and september , but again , stay practical . a karmic lesson in october could redirect your career path . a change made now could have big ramifications . be patient and wise . indulge in more private - and more intimate - times in the closing months ! $ social life may be more important , pleasant , and productive this year ! how do the demands of your social activities add to or subtract from the rest of your life ? at first you may want to do more of everything with everyone , but this will calm down in late february and march when you focus more on the practical aspects of daily life , pay bills , and earn more income in a pleasant way . frivolous friends grow boring in april . your generous spirit returns in august and september but in a wiser , more sensible form . great progress , admiration , and affection conclude a powerful year ! $ do countless good works and random acts of kindness this year . most will be anonymous , so leave the glory to others . be rewarded in other , more material ways , especially in february and march ( when you might be most active and motivated ) . step outside the box ( not that you 're in one ) with friends and have some profitable fun in april and may . do something small in september and come to the rescue in a big way for someone special . it 's a year of blessing others and being blessed , most especially with love . feel good about yourself and your whole life every day ! $ spread those angel wings and fly this year ! it do not get much more fun than that , and the benefits are great . think things through clearly and practically on a daily basis , starting in the first month , and watch your daily life graciously improve . this includes dealing with money , especially in february . energy and ambition peak now , and will carry you through several productive months . in august your generosity assists someone and brings you rewards , too . do a public deed in october , small to you but big in others ' eyes . tender love surrounds you all year , especially in the last month ! $ here 's a powerful , peaceful year that 's anything but boring ! it 's rare to get this much opportunity to focus on your own stuff , work hard , and move forward by leaps and bounds . the first two months are the most dynamic , but the whole year gives you elbow room for progress . budget smartly and work hard in the second month and bring a dream to life . friends may doubt in april , but they 'll come around . someone may need your support in august . a karmic door opens for you in october . take good care of yourself from november on , and share more quality time with a special someone ! $ it 's the year to treat yourself well and accomplish many things that the world has made difficult in the past . surprise and maybe pleasantly shock a few people with your straightforward , practical boldness . the first two months hold the most stellar assistance , so work hard , get finances and budget in keen focus , then blast unhindered through the year . shed a useless old habit in april . august lets you bless and be blessed . a karmic insight in october will improve many future relationships . the last two months are all yours , with love , quiet popularity , fondness , and comfort . you 've earned it ! $ the year is full of remarkable insights and valuable lessons . use them wisely and do not look down on yourself or others for any previous oversights or mistakes . use the early months to hone your skills at managing money and earning more , if needed . stand up for yourself and deepen friendships in april and may . your heart is in tune with the needs of others in august and september . be practical and all will benefit . the most valuable bolt from the blue may strike in october . process it slowly and calmly . be sociable and let others love you , especially in the last two months ! $ it 's a brilliant year full of personal power and few obstructions to your goals ! the opening weeks of the year are the most intense ( and intensely helpful ) , so spot opportunities and pounce . you 're full of energy all year , especially in the second month . organize finances , nail down a realistic budget , and make great progress . if friends disapprove of something in april , it 's simply a difference in taste . you know what you like . if expenses increase in august , be patient . it 'll turn around . make a karmic connection in october , then be socially active ( but not wildly so ) and privately pampered and loved ! $ dreams of material bliss may inspire you this year . you 're energetic enough to assure that a few of these dreams could happen , so stay realistic and resist the urge to give away as quickly as you acquire . great things may be possible in the future , so yes , dream then plan wisely . the busiest months may be the first three , so act right away . question old habits and stale advice in march and april . be of great service - and be compensated - in august . a karmic partnership could broaden a horizon for you in october . go places physically and emotionally . it 's a loving , inspired year ! $ be shockingly clever , socially smooth , work hard for your own causes , and make a lot of good things happen ! your own talents put you ahead in the first month . skill at handling and pursuing money will advance you in the second . be prudent in what you choose to do and come out ahead every time . you may bewilder old friends and family in april . be understanding but undeterred . august lets you help someone out . do it , if you can . enjoy a cool , comforting social scene in the last few months , with great love in more intimate settings . it 's a power - packed year ! $ find countless surprising delights close to home and in the company of choice friends and family this year . be amazing all year , but do not take yourself too seriously . the first two months are high energy - you can accomplish the most the fastest - so pace yourself . be productive and see income improve . emotions may calm down in march and april , but you 'll have the most fun now . work hard for others but do not exhaust yourself in august and september . watch for enlightenment in october . november and december , tone down social interactions and see passion and affection pour in from a long - time lover ! $ some old habits will surprise you and serve you well , but others may hold you back . you 're smart . you 'll see things differently this year . be patient - wise decisions will follow . the first three months may be busy and confusing , so refuse to be rushed . money and prospects for more income are good , especially in february , but do not be frivolous . you may be less than pleased with friends in march and april . do not get short - tempered and emotional . feel good about everyone again in august , and enjoy reciprocal generosity . in the last two months dispel any regrets about past decisions and accept great love from many people ! $ home , luxuries , permanence , and stability may draw you more than in the past . in the first month use fresh ideas and social contacts to pursue a modest dream . your energy bursts its bounds the second month , and nothing is too high for your aim . be sensible and win admiration with your success . money improves with persistence , so work hard and do not give it all away . complete a big project at home april and may and feel secure all year long . easily solve someone 's big problem in august and gain more respect . a great , long - lasting love finds you in the closing months ! $ the comforts of home and the love of family may bring you great pleasure and be easier than ever this year . the first month you may effortlessly become the heavy lifter on many projects and not even notice . skillfully make easy work of managing your own financial and material concerns , especially in february . others might be helping behind the scenes . surprising news could come in april . be content and intuitive about home and family affairs in may . be bustling and happy in august . big crowds may be burdensome in november , but intimate groups and more quality love time can fix all ! $ it 's a great year full of creative comforts and a few innocent guilty pleasures ! keep control of those expenses and even the guilt can go away , leaving pure pleasure . with a little thought in the first month , you can generate more charm and even sex appeal for the rest of the year . february brings ideas and opportunities to improve the money flow . april allows for some old favorite but still radical fun with friends . june is the richest and most creative . be lucky for others and benefit in august . slow down in november for some quiet , cozy , affectionate fun . be smart but enjoy every day ! $ have a blast and share your clever , creative happiness with everyone ! you have the gift of charming , surprising , memorable speech , and you 're quick on your feet . be productive and busy with money matters in february , although your dreams may be bigger . stay real and profit . friends cheer and distract you in april . do what pleases you most in may and june , though it may be hard to explain to others . in august someone else 's concerns could cost some of what you gained in february . be compassionate but sensible . social contact may cool in december . enjoy the peace . big - hearted love is yours all year ! $ love yourself more and let more love find you ! whether it 's exciting and new or already established and deep , let a powerful love fill your whole year . an urge for change could strike you in april and bring new people into your life . be passionate but respectful of your own needs and responsibilities . everyone may idolize you in august and september . enjoy it , but do not be serious about it . your public image shines bright in november and december . be modest and sensible and attract even more love . a social storm may briefly interrupt january . the year ends smartly and with an idealistic love . $ love those little rituals of daily life and maybe find a tender new love and partner to share more of your life . sometimes the best things - and people - have modest appearances and are easily overlooked . not this year ! in april romantic sparks could fly and send you chasing after something ( or someone ) radically different . go back to a quieter , more productive routine until august , when summer fun rocks the romance boat . the heart beats fastest in september . in late november be cool and connect with other cool heads . friends , trusted companions , smart decisions , and lofty dreams are yours at year 's end ! $ passion runs high , so pay attention and do not miss out if a fated partnership , romance , or friendship appears out of nowhere this year ! in april you may need a change , or just more excitement , so make an effort to not be impulsive or impatient with yourself or others . you 'll want to work hard and make progress , especially in august , when you might overdo things and burn out for a bit . be good to yourself . in late september and october a new person may enter your life , perhaps someone you first met in april . passion turns practical in december , and love never leaves the scene all year ! $ create more harmony and enjoy smoother partnerships of all kinds this year . people are cooperative and find you more fun to be with , starting in the first two months . be sharp in april and make the most of unexpected opportunities and meet - ups with flamboyant people . be accomplished in the following months , especially august , when what 's best for you is also good for others . love sweetens any deal made in october , but the pleasures may not last all year . passions rise and you may work harder in december . friends and lovers are all around you in january and february . love and dream big ! $ matters of the heart may feel serious and urgent this year . consult your head , and sometimes put yourself in the other person 's place for perspective and a sense of balance . in april you may be tempted to do or say something impulsive and a bit wild . keep control of your emotions and spend more time with pleasant , agreeable people . be ambitious and accomplished for several undisturbed months . passion flares in august . relax and be good to yourself . be more easygoing and enjoy a summer - long party atmosphere . october could be tense and passionate . relax more with friends in the closing months of an emotionally exciting year ! $ be energized and serious about all you do this year ! that includes having fun . you might be the center of excitement in april , or you may spring a huge surprise on everyone . be humble in public and thrilled in private . save some passion for your own well - being in august and have a great fun - filled summer . other people take up your time in october , but it will be good for you later , too . feel serious and work hard in december . in january a big change at work could happen around you . stay settled . friends and that special love are never far away ! $ it 's a passion - filled year , equally filled with opportunities to take you far . any hard work you 're able to do will be rewarded . march and april are times for experimenting , perhaps even with a wild notion or two . be sensible , not reckless , and be as ambitious and popular as you please . keep up a steady effort and enjoy a glorious , glamorous summer . november and december are also busy , ambitious times . do not doubt yourself now . if things are stirred up at work in january , you can come out on the lucky end . be smart , ambitious , and idealistic all year . be well loved and popular , too ! $ make your mark on the world with steady , serious effort and sheer persistence . with so much passion and drive behind you it can be fun , too . use april to think outside the box and try new approaches to old problems . stay even - tempered and avoid getting hyper . invent what you need . summer fun and popularity will give you more opportunities and popularity in august . try to moderate your activities , keep a sane schedule , and stay healthy . december is another prime time to shine , so do your best . ride out any changes at work in january . friendly affection and sweeter love round out a stellar year ! $ your best efforts will take you far this year . ambition is great and you 're motivated to help others as much as yourself . march and april may be chaotic and full of accidental events and surprises . stay safe and sensible , and see if any surprises can be turned to good . maybe win some new friends as well . the next few months are calm and good for progress . august ignites with summer fun and big - hearted generosity . keep things within bounds and let the limelight find you . your unselfish work in december could win you love as well as acclaim and reward . end the year with warm romance ! $ career and your standing in the world are highlighted and favored this year ! other people will not intimidate or distract you . in the spring be bold and inventive , sometimes to the point of shocking . be practical , too , and do not get so wired or highly strung that you alienate anyone who may want to like you and perhaps work with you later . you 'll settle down and be more systematic by august . take care of yourself , health included , and do not shy away from being popular . reach your peak at work in january . be wrapped in tender love and caring friends in the final months ! $ career and work opportunities beckon , so get ready ! be it an advance in your current position or the offer of something wonderful , look forward to moving from where you are to somewhere much better . be energetic and willing to try new things in the first two months . step off your normal path and sample some new and exciting activities . august and september bring busy and popular fun times when you could be wined and dined beyond healthy limits . be smart , too . work prospects sparkle all january . be sharp and sensible . surround yourself with loving friends and cozy romance in the last month ! $ good times with groups of good friends could be the lifeline that makes this fiery year so successful . you have great passion and a love of life that will not quit , so burnout could be an ongoing problem . friends will help . the first two months are exciting and full of surprises . cool it for a few months , but expect august to fill up with creative fun and crazy good times . catch your breath and work steadily through to november - that 's when you really buckle down . a big change at work could be in your favor in january . from february on is yours to decompress , love , and be loved ! $ be the expert behind the scenes this year and build up a great reputation ! it is not instant recognition but a great foundation for future success . take those calculated chances in march and april , learn a lot , and win a lot of admiration . money could improve in april and may and life could get more comfortable if you are not extravagant . august and september are full of fun and generous people . be helpful in november and get rewarded in december . friends and co - workers are understanding and cooperative , especially as the year closes . be at your best all year and see how friendships , love , and affection find you ! $ it 's a warm , emotional year when many people touch your heart and you touch theirs ! feelings may be sensitive the first few days of the year , but after that you can strongly focus on your own needs and desires . be energetic and ambitious all spring long . daily life may get more lovely and comfortable in may . work diligently and smartly through the summer . august can still be great , glorious fun . in late autumn someone else 's serious concern may touch your heart . be sensible and supportive . the last two months glow with a friendly social scene and maybe love from an unexpected direction ! $ it 's a magical year when you can have great but subtle influence with many people . intuition and instinct help you read people better than ever before . lay low for the first few days and then leap into action when the spring season begins . be practical but bold and stretch your wings in april . work steadily but with a low profile for several months and advance financially and socially . august could bring big summer fun . stay out of the spotlight and accomplish a great deal . be ambitious and quietly successful in december . meet a challenge in january and then cruise comfortably and lovingly the rest of the year ! $ it 's a powerful year for you , so do not shy away from any change or challenge ! however sensitive your heart , you will not lose determination or resolve , especially in march and april . relax a bit in may and enjoy more creature comforts . continue working hard on those things most important and see slow , steady financial progress . enjoy your favorite forms of summer fun in august , but keep an eye on expenses . someone may need a favor in late november , and this can later provide an opportunity for you . friends and a special love bring great joy and some personal magic in the last several months ! $ many exciting times are on your horizon this year ! be sensible , pace yourself , and have the energy to do as much as you like . surprise people all year , especially in march and april . force yourself to take a moment and focus your attention on what you want to achieve . be ambitious . a touch of charm will make your great energy more acceptable , and even admirable , to many people . august may get wild and hyper , so stay practical , especially about money . be wise , influential , and modest in late november . in the last few months be surrounded by loyal friends , brilliant ideas , and great love ! $ it 's a strong and beautiful year ahead ! be and look your best , and enjoy private and public progress . april may be the most ambitious for you , but keep those plans intact and stay flexible when things do not go smoothly . may ushers in a more gracious lifestyle and a more solid and sensible approach toward all money issues . have a great summer , especially august , but do not overdo it . be the voice of reason to someone important to you in late november . if january is challenging at work , make the most of it . lush love and cooperative friends are all yours for the rest of the year ! $ this could be the year you improve your financial situation and make progress that lasts ! start the year mentally organized and full of energy and ambition . friends and family support you . use every day in april . by may settle down and work hard at less experimental or daring projects . you have all the patience and persistence in the world . summer fun may call to you in august , but it will not distract you for long . you may work harder still , and for the welfare of others , in november and december . friends , co - workers , and lover are all there for you , especially the last several months . $ express yourself and get your message out this year . this will help all money decisions and financial actions , so do your homework , know what you want , and say so . you may be most energetic and motivated in the first month , but you will not fizzle out . by may you 'll have a plan that includes all you need and want . make contacts in may and june and see solid progress , however slow at first . enjoy yourself in august . mature and sensible decisions in december win you respect and admiration . be widely embraced and loved by casual acquaintances and more intimate companions from january until the year ends ! $ have the best times and the best luck in nearby favorite places with your favorite people . find countless adventures and new excitement near home , especially in the first two months . with a refreshed spirit , be ambitious and accomplish many goals in the next several months . in june friends may spur you to greater action and more practical behavior . august is the time for what pleases you most . be responsible and respected in november . starting in january friends and co - workers will be cooperative , no matter what the task or challenge . in the last month love and fulfillment will never be far away ! $ buzz with curiosity and companionship all year long ! life may lead you down some twisted paths , but you 'll learn and benefit from it all . in april concentrate on yourself - your goals and how to reach them . some wild ideas may arise and you may try a few . be practical and respectful of daily needs and then branch out . june heats up when friends seek you out and you approach them for fun outings and fruitful discussions . august is also on fire with summer fun . pace yourself and remember those mundane obligations and expenses . be smart and successful in december . affection fills the rest of the year ! $ family and a happy home life may motivate you toward a great year ! april is primarily yours , so get a quick start on being and looking the way you want . be ambitious and energetic , too . in may you might change something at home that will improve everything . it might lessen costs , too . be sensible and be happy about it . in july something fundamental at home may need to change , or perhaps a family issue could be resolved in the best way imaginable . be vibrant with fun in august . in december solve something important . enjoy the remaining months with friends , family , and sizzling love ! $ a balancing act between home and work could keep you busy this year , but you have more than enough energy for both . decide what you want to concentrate on and when . start april off on fire , keen to try new approaches to everything . be sensible and avoid the outrageous . may brings a sweet surprise , perhaps a gift or a sharp , smart idea that leads to better money management . see more of your ideal home in july . august is pure fun . in november do your best for someone and benefit greatly . many people love you and want to see you do well . it 's a golden year ! $ it 's a fantastic , friendly year , rich in passion ! there will be challenges , too , so it will not be boring . in april personal passions ignite and take you down an ambitious , personally satisfying road . stay practical , and do not be so hyper that you chase off anyone . in may you could see an upswing in income if you 're persistent . august is incredibly lucky and joyous . watch expenses , however . in december someone else 's need may inspire you to help and make improvements for yourself . a sudden change at work in january do not have to take you by surprise . private dreams and shared aspirations make for a loving last month ! $ let your inner child rise a bit closer to the surface and have a creative , playful , and productive year ! in april be ambitious , practical , and inventive . respect those daily chores , keep to that budget , and find some wiggle room in may for a personal treat . be diligent and motivated , and be prepared for a burst of good luck , opportunities , and fun in august . continue working hard on what you love without neglecting what else needs to be done . watch for another big opportunity in december to help others as well as yourself . challenges , easy solutions , and great support and love carry you through the year ! $ stay focused , take good care of yourself , and make tremendous progress ! a big surprise could be around any corner , especially in april , and you might spring some of them yourself . be energetic but do not go wild . pace yourself and finish the year strong . slow down a bit , but do not slack off in your efforts in may . august and september are lucky , fun , and comforting . eat well , rest , and be healthy . in december spend time on behalf of others or some cause and see gains of many kinds . be smart , pragmatic , popular , and compassionate in the following months . great love follows you ! $ it 's your year to feel great about yourself and all the little things that are going right . some of those little things are quite big . think - and act - outside the box the first month and have the energy to work harder for yourself . enjoy more comfort and beauty in daily life in may . keep working steadily , too . august brings great summer fun and some favorite activities . be helpful in december , perhaps by solving a friend 's problem . be ready for an opportunity at work in january . in february and march dream of love and you 'll find it all around you ! $ your feet are firmly on the ground , and taking care of business has never been so easy or gratifying ! april and may are busy with surprises and extra work that brings you more and better things . stay focused and enjoy a party atmosphere all august long . your health and daily routine are important in september . be good to yourself . what looks like a delay in december is really a pause so you can get things right . a change at work could be good for you in january . keep your dreams alive in february and let love come to you . it 's a sparkling year ! $ make many new contacts this year . they may be modest and temporary , but one or two could stick and benefit you for a long time . you might be adventurous in april and may , but you 'll be surrounded by sensible , grounded people . learn from them . may and june are energetic times , and you could eat and spend more than you intend , so pay attention . august holds more fun times . slow down and be health conscious in september . be methodical in december and focused at work in january . it 's a busy , productive year , with a dreamy dose of love in the closing month ! $ passions run high this year and love touches everything you do . do more things that you love with the people you love . april and may are full of mischievous fun with casual friends , but august could bring more serious and more generous ( or more expensive ) company . romance and the emotional stakes get higher in september . keep your daily life together and be calmer in november and december . do not overreact if an unexpected change happens at work in january . you could be the answer to someone else 's dream in february and march . be honest and compassionate . there 's plenty of passion in the air ! $ are you looking for romance ? well , it 's looking for you ! this is your year to be lucky in love . if you 're already happily with a partner , that happiness will increase . the first two months you may be busy with work , perhaps fitting into a new role or position . june has rewards you 've been waiting for if you 've been working hard . july and august are summer party time . do not get run down with all the fun . your partner will bring much happiness your way in september . be clear about what 's illusion in december . by february you 'll know if all this love is real . $ love is your secret superpower this year , so use it wisely ! you may crave change and excitement in the first two months , but you will not chase off anyone if you do not go overboard . you might even attract a more exciting partner . be safe and practical . keep your diet and budget under control in june . people will be generous and fun loving in august . watch diet and budget now , too . in october your heart may thrill to a new love interest or your current flame could burn more brightly ! be rock solid for someone in december . the last two months could be the the most dreamy ! $ you 'll never be led astray this year if you calmly listen to your heart . calmness could be your biggest challenge . you 're brimming with energy , ambition , and desire for all good things . you may earn several of them in may and june . work hard and do not burn out . share good times and good fortune with friends new and old in august . mind those expenses , though . a beautiful , bright love shines on you in october , perhaps with a touch of childhood or loves past . december is more serious . go slowly and you can accomplish a lot . love your way through the whole year ! $ be solid and successful all year long ! you 're full of energy and want to do everything yourself , especially in the first few months . settle down in june and work hard for those few things that mean the most to you . money should be good if you do not overspend . august is also full of promise , popularity , and fun . work calmly for the next few months and by december you 'll be prepared for a lucky break . stay calm , be methodical , and accomplish a great deal for someone else and yourself . dream of fresh , new love and it will be there for you before the year ends ! $ be powerful and set a good example without even trying . give calm consideration to all you do , especially in the first month , and easily deal with problems that would have been hard before . no one can rush you during may , mostly because no one can keep up with you ! be energetic and acquire some lovely new things in june . work sensibly and enjoy a fun , frivolous august . perhaps receive a reward from a grateful group in december . you 're earning great respect , too . do not be perturbed by anything at work in january . the last two months are rich in wisdom and love ! $ it 's second nature to be practical and productive this year ! if you 've been thinking about changing careers or want to start your own venture , it could be possible now . have great new ideas in the first month . write them down and be ready to jump in when energy is highest in may and june . be charming and attract success in june . keep working hard and meeting those obligations , however . august is made for fun and relaxation . work comes into sharp focus in late december and january . brace for a big change or opportunity . love springs to mind and rocks your heart in february and beyond ! $ it 's your time to be the star at work or in public ! no one works harder than you , no matter how you feel . intuition guides you in april . get pragmatic and work hard in may and june . you may want a more gracious lifestyle in june , and your hard work will pay off . be responsible through the summer and enjoy great fun in august . your tastes may get more conservative and you may save more in early december . a splendid advance at work is possible in late january if you 're motivated . great love in the spring could be the best surprise of all ! $ excel at work and secure what you need to succeed . if not wildly ambitious , there are still wonderful things you want to do . start in april and may to work hard with strong , smart plans behind you . your charming nature can also bring you success in june . be practical and responsible through the summer and enjoy fun , comfort , and popularity in august . keep expenses reasonable . be patient and make wise decisions in december . january and february are yours to shine in public and the workplace , so look and do your best . sweet dreams and tender love come your way by spring ! $ express yourself well with large groups of people and improve daily life for yourself and many others . be smart , motivated , and active in the first two months . being sociable and charming may result in more support and maybe even income in june . be responsible , attend to daily details , and lighten up with friends and family in august . in early december be helpful and modest and earn respect . a sudden change at work could give you more opportunities , so be calm and practical . step into a dreamy love in february and march . friends and lovers fill your time and heart all year long ! $ you can be a great people person this year and still stay as objective and private as you please . people want to work with and be with you , and all this social contact will be good for you . be clever and energetic on your own behalf in april and may . get caught up on anything that 's been delayed or left unattended . june is a charmed and charming time . be very popular in august . work hard in december . be ready if a work opportunity arises in january . in february a social partner could become much more , with a surprising and strong love ! $ feel deeply connected to many people this year and do your best work by keeping private most of your sympathies and activities . love , not praise or popularity , is what it 's all about . you 're naturally practical and smart , and you 're motivated to do all you can and then some . have a schedule and meet deadlines easily in april and may . june is more comfortable but just as busy . august is full of amusing company . december is busy , but that 's how you like it . shine in public and relax in private in january . february is intense , emotional , and love filled . it 's a powerful year ! $ learn from every twist and turn in this busy , brilliant year ! be active with friends new and old . think practically about everyday affairs , especially in the first two months , and have more energy to keep your daily life in good order . in june be sociable and perhaps receive a gift you may want to share or pass along . august is full of summer comfort and contentment . stay organized and responsible and be ready to work hard in december . a sudden demand at work brings opportunities in january . be busy , productive , well connected , loved , and understood in february . launch your own surprise at year 's end ! $ the world may try to keep you busy , but it will not be able to compete with your inner life . make many self - discoveries to help you later in the year . pay attention to your dreams . be smart and energetic in april and may and easily meet expectations . work hard and be provided with more than you need in june . july and august are pure fun . december and january are more serious and perhaps more satisfying . be more noticed at work or in public in late january . then become more introverted in february and enjoy peaceful times with treasured friends . let love fill the hours ! $ come out of your shell in a big way this year ! if you 're already outgoing , your reach will be greatly extended . you have fantastic energy and drive , especially in the first few months . be focused , get a lot done , and make some lovely additions to your wardrobe and home in june . pay attention to spending and then enjoy a fun , relaxing august . be persistent in your work efforts and benefit in december . a big change may come in late january , but you 'll be ready . the following months are full of company , friends , and love . just ask if you need or want anything ( or anyone ) special ! $ make the most of every day this year and do not look back ! no one can stop you if you know what you want and where you 're going . all your aims and ambitions will be practical , and you 'll be sharp and clear - minded in the first month . work hard and achieve a lot . enjoy june , but do not let down your efforts to be successful . august holds pleasant surprises - all in fun . december may be less frivolous but more rewarding . be serious and succeed . a big change in late january can be good for you . be sensitive and get rewarded with love in the following months ! $ your popularity soars and so does your productivity this year . you know what you want , how to get it , and how you want to share it all . head and heart work well together , especially in the first month , so do not wait . hard work and persistence will pay off by june , although maybe not instantly . relax with family , friends , and kindred spirits in august . be diligent and value yourself in december . step up and face an important challenge in january . dreams and aspirations take over in february . love may come out of nowhere in the final months . what a spectacular year ! $ thoughts turn to a more upscale lifestyle , fashion , and better income this year . get lots of good ideas from friends thinking the same way . work together and support one another , especially in the first two months when energy and sharp thinking are at their peak . june is lucky and lovely . face any obstacles head - on and see great progress . august is fun but could get expensive , so pay attention . be a dynamo at work in january . competition is fine , but antagonism less so . watch that temper . be more tender and touchable in february and march . love is there for you all year ! $ charm and be charmed all year long ! no one will be able to resist you , and there may be times when you 're also unable to say no . your thinking is sharpest in april and may . be charming and sexy in june no matter how hard you 're working . if gifts come your way , watch for attached strings before accepting . be gracious , regardless . have fun close to home in august without spending a fortune . enjoy the calmness of a sensible partner in december . be smart and ambitious in january and go far . the rest of the year is busy with even more affection and love ! $ friends and neighbors are there for you , no matter how complicated things get this year . things look simple at first , but your thinking is clearest . keep this focus . a lovely temptation in june may show you how small interruptions can slow things down . stay focused and near home in july . keep plans simple and keep up with daily chores and bills . it will not be hard . have happy times with relatives in august . an old love may sweetly reappear in december . work heats up in january , but you 'll be ready . february and the rest of the year are full of compassion and love ! $ starting and finishing go together for you this year . break free to start something new and exciting while you easily tie up loose ends . be smart and dedicated to work that matters , especially in may , and waste no time , effort , or energy . friends support you and no one can hold you back . conclude something big in july . relax with friends and family in august . you may want to spend more time on your own in december . be busy with work and being excellent in january . share dreams and fun times with more friends in february . unexpected love is everywhere in the final months ! $ family could be very important this year , perhaps living relatives , but it might be family history , roots , or hometown . be hardworking , clever , and have everything you need to accomplish what you want in may . be charming and make appealing changes that better organize your finances . be treated royally at home in august and maybe host a party or two . watch those expenses and get what you pay for . an old partner or lover might want to spoil you in december . a door may open for you at work in january . in february and march be casual , relaxed , and surrounded by love ! $ be lucky all year long . the closer to home you are , the luckier you 'll be . think and work on practical matters in may and perhaps see a working vacation in june . a family or home matter can bring great joy and success in august . your generous spirit will shine and draw more luck . you may crave less glamour and more substance in a relationship in december . a big change near you in january could still broaden your world . in february you may want to do more good for more people . make friends and team up . hot love could surprise you before year 's end ! $ be creative and clever all year and see marvelous things happen ! be pragmatic and focused on the basics of daily life as the year opens and through the first two months . what you achieve now you 'll be able to keep unless a taste for extravagance strikes in june . august glitters with good feeling and great fun with friends and family . watch expenses and exaggerated generosity now . a practical partner or lover touches your heart in december . have a creative , constructive answer if a problem arises at work in january . spend time with sympathetic friends in february , and be relaxed and ready for love ! $ get great pleasure this year from countless little things . small favors , consideration , and kindness will be recognized and appreciated as the big things they really are . be smart and driven to succeed in may . live well and spend less in june . enjoy what may look silly to others in september . if romance feels hyper in december , do what 's comfortable and have your partner tone it down . work hard in january and see something turn around for you . let your dreams run free in february and do more with groups of friends in march . love touches everything at year 's end ! $ inspiring dreams will keep this year going for you , and no foolish dream will slow you down . spend time with practical friends in the first month , have smart suggestions , and be fearless in your ambitions . hold back on luxuries in june and live better for it . be lucky and have fun at home in august . you can rethink and examine any dream if you have doubts in september . a romance could quietly mature in december . take advantage of a change in the workplace in january . the rest of the year is more casual , calm , and cozy . what a sweet year ! $ be healthy , happy , and highly motivated all year long ! work hard for what matters to you and get stronger just from making the effort . be pragmatic and patient in may and june , and do not waste time or money on long shots or questionable schemes . work hard , be responsible , and enjoy a big - hearted , fun - loving august . be straight with a lover in december and clear the air for you both . hard work and success resume in january . thoughts may get fuzzy but feelings are clear in february . be inspired and inspiring and very well loved . it do not get healthier than that ! $ it 's your time for all the little things to click and allow big things to happen ! be energetic early in the year and pull together what you need for more comfort and personal success . after late may it might be hard to think of much else . money could come and go at home in august . take care of details in october and see money and health improve . an old friend or lover supports you in december . a romantic offer or opportunity could come from afar in january . dream big and have fun with friends in february . be your own secret power all year ! $ if you like , you can be part of a group that looks out for one another all year . it will be there when you need help , and you 'll be happy to be of service to others . be practical and smart as the year begins and keep those good ideas coming . be generous with family in august and perhaps receive without asking something you 've desired . simple daily kindness makes october a great month for you . learn something important in january , and risk sharing your aspirations and dreams in february . end the year smarter , more successful , and more admired and appreciated than ever ! $ every little effort and gesture you make will yield big results for you this year ! get more serious about small things and see just how big they are . spend the first few days concerned with making things nicer and more stable for yourself . think calmly and systematically in late may and june . use money wisely in june and july . august is all summer fun , but watch expenses . respect your needs and health in november . an old love could revive in december . february is for fun with lots of friends . it 's an active , tenderhearted year that takes you great places ! $ if love do not rock your world this year , the passion will still be there for something or someone ! your feelings are important , but they do not have to dominate your life . be your most ambitious and clever in the first month and perhaps acquire something special in june . be money smart in august and have a glorious summer close to home . love flashes across your sky in october . make a change in your life goals in january . a dream may come true in february , but at what emotional cost ? the last two months are lively and full of unexpected surprises and affection ! $ it 's the year to be big - hearted and wise about love ! every relationship you 're in will expand and enrich your heart . work hard on practical matters in the first month , save what you can , and perhaps afford something special in june . august is the time for family fun . be generous and receive generosity , too . love gets serious in november . be strong as well as sensitive . find an inspiring role model or example to reignite your ambitions in january . february is the time to deepen casual friendships . you can achieve great things in the last few months , but you will not have to go it alone ! $ other people 's concerns may tug at your heart and keep you busy this year . you have the passion and energy to handle anything . use the first month to get organized and work hard on practical matters . money will be there for you in june if you stick to the budget . summer is when to relax at home and enjoy some big fun ! you may need to help someone in november . just be your responsible self . starting in january work and social life may keep you running for a few months , but a surprising secret love could catch up with you before year 's end ! $ it 's a busy year full of big plans and big energy ! get your schedule organized in the first month and work hard . save a little more , if you can , and see a sweet personal reward before july . august could be busy with summer excitement , but it do not have to be expensive . the end of december could be hectic , but stay focused and do your best for yourself and others . you might have an urge to get away from it all in january . friends - and a special new love - will give you all the affection and rest you need at year 's end ! $ you have everything you need to work hard and make a major change in your life this year . if you 're happy with the status quo , you could find fresh ambition or desire . motivate others with your drive in the first month . think of a new but simple way to take better care of yourself , too . money is reasonable , although you might want to save more . enjoy a fun - filled summer , especially august , and thrill to new amusements . you may meet or learn of someone who inspires you to greater heights in january . be popular in february and well loved all year long ! $ you 'll have many chances to excel at work and in public this year . there 's no point in trying to hide or downplay your achievements . be practical , smart , and responsible , especially in the first month , and have a firm foundation for the rest of the year . in june enjoy a private treat that adds elegance . watch expenses , though . enjoy some intellectual fun in july and august . romantic memories could be strong in november . pursue a passion in january and have it pay for itself . make deeper emotional bonds with friends in february . love and happy surprises will fill your days by spring ! $ career and public presence could be this year 's highlights ! it will not be for purely selfish gain , however . start the year motivated to work hard on whatever you love that has the best chance for success . clever , practical ideas prove helpful later . friends and family enjoy your company and are generous in august . treasure old partners in november and perhaps feel wistful about an old love . in january and february step up and provide well for yourself and some others , too . friends give you comfort and amusement the rest of the year . a surprising ( and generous ) new love could appear in spring ! $ you can make your career glow with success this year or you can make a shift to something new ! you are most practical and solid in the first month . you can get inside people 's heads , too . keep the cash flow balanced and maybe acquire a small desired item in june . enjoy some pleasant but inexpensive summer fun with family in august . romance gets nostalgic in november . prepare for a possible big change at work in january . february is big , so look and do your best . relax with friends afterward and let some surprises make you smile . love is not far behind ! $ share many happy dreams with friends this year and see some of them come true ! you express yourself well , especially early in the year , with enough clever , useful ideas to last all year . be diligent about basic work and money , and lighten up with friends and family in the summer . people really want to be with you . an old flame could cross your mind and path in november . get motivated about something new in january . february lights up your social scene . allow friends their fantasies . you may turn a new head and be surprised by a secret love in the spring ! $ it 's a great year to make new friends and widen your social circle ! there could be some reshuffling of faces , all to everybody 's increased happiness . you are more interested in your own work and appearance in may and june and this will pay off later . brainstorm , particularly about finances , with a trusted friend and maybe family in june and july . enjoy a cozy august at home . entertain and be entertained . a love interest in november might want to move faster than you 'd like . be clear and see how it goes . february shines with friends , dreams , happiness , and maybe a great new love , too ! $ take the lead with your friends and do many of your favorite things with your favorite people this year ! you 're full of ambition and bright new ideas in june . with steady work you can make more progress than ever . august could bring you gifts and flattery from friends and family . the opinions of an old love may sound less important in november . keep a calm heart and steady head . february and march buzz with happy - if silly - fun with friends . enjoy yourself and feel part of a bigger whole . april twinkles with big - hearted concern and love , all coming your way ! $ surprise yourself all year with brilliant ideas and big plans that only you can make happen ! you will not overreach yourself or run short of energy . you 're responsible and dependable and should see solid progress in the first month . pay attention to budget , save a bit more , and enjoy a relaxing , glamorous august . you might get involved in a more mature business or romantic relationship in november . excitement will not be lacking . you may take a more spiritual turn in february and desire more love in your daily life . stay realistic and then follow your bliss . be brilliant in april and attract tremendous love ! $ it could be a busy year , but you can step out of the fray any time . whenever you need peace and quiet , it 's yours . be energetic and sharp minded , especially in may and june , and work hard toward financial goals . an impulse purchase in july do not have to set you too far back . just pay attention . be playful and happy at home in august and september . work diligently and be your responsible self for the next few months . a tender , romantic november awaits you . be busy with friends in february . watch for a private surprise or two at year 's end ! $ a secret desire for something special could motivate you this year . or it might be time for you to make private plans for a nicer lifestyle . be ambitious and busy in the first few months and perhaps create a financial opportunity . enjoy more luxury time with friends and family in july and august . try not to spend away whatever you gain . be sensible in love in november and feel appreciated . a startling new idea or project could distract you in january . friends may inspire you in february . the last two months are bubbling with fun and affection . make great advances this year ! $ reinvent yourself this year and be a smarter , sharper you ! take the first month and decide what things are most important for you to do and have . then get ambitious . you could see some charming results by july . relax and let family and friends entertain you in august . stay motivated and make steady progress in the next several months . be wise in matters of love in november . something ( or someone ) exotic and exciting may catch your eye in january . be inspired in february and move in a sweeter social circle . the last few months are busy with pleasant and profitable surprises ! $ be at your sharpest , cleverest , and most entertaining all year ! everything you say will sound witty to others , and you 'll be able to reason to the end of things before people have described everything . use these skills to great benefit in the first few months . you know to not be a showoff or bore , especially in july . enjoy special big fun in august , and graciously and fairly spread any expense . what you used to need in a romance may become important to you again in november . enjoy a beautiful , cultured february with friends . love holds more surprises at year 's end ! $ this year you may get more interested in money and the nice things it makes possible . cleverness and get - rich - quick schemes will not deceive you . you may discover some sound , practical ideas in the first couple months . hard work matters , too , and you may deserve a small private treat by july . share good times with family and friends in august . you might want to host a party or summer event . a quiet romance could find you in november . stay low - key and let things take care of themselves . friends and the social scene come to life in the remaining months , including much love ! $ charm and elegance are yours this year . you 're smart . you know that life is more than money and material comforts , but you do not discount their importance . be highly motivated all year and achieve a lot early on with what feels like little effort . work diligently and maybe celebrate in august , perhaps on vacation . a friendship could become a serious romance in november . deal promptly with any perceived crisis in january and see quick , easy resolutions . amuse yourself with dreams of luxury in february . friends and lovers are there for you , sometimes surprising you in the last two months ! $ friends and the joys of local life make this year sparkle for you . you can think globally and then enjoy the richness of the world near at hand . be ambitious and driven to succeed , especially in the first two months . settle into a sustainable routine and you 'll improve your position and income by july . august is when to kick back and have fun , and perhaps make some useful social and career contacts . networking never stops . an overlooked admirer could appear in november . if bored or disillusioned by a social group , you do not need to stay . a nearby love could surprise you at year 's end ! $ be the bright star with your family and friends this year ! you could also put down strong roots with someone important in your daily life . a light touch and clever , chatty personality in the first month will bring opportunity later . work undisturbed and make great progress before august , when friends and family capture your attention . be practical and accomplish what you need to in the next few months and be ready for a strong but subtle love interest in november . a fond fantasy may dissolve in february . love and friendship are abundant and strong in the last months ! $ family and home are powerful forces for you this year . have a clear , practical vision and see through several fantasies that may have held you back . watch expenses in july . you do not need to envy anyone . august and september are on fire with pleasure , amusement , and basic good sense . slow down socially - but not at work - in november . take good care of yourself - you 're worth it ! what looks like an opportunity at work in february may not be . be politely cautious and nonconfrontational . a lively social life in the last months can bring relief , pleasant surprises , and sweet affection ! $ family affairs and daily routines are smooth and natural this year . others may sometimes see problems and chaos , but you will not . buzz with energy and have an answer for everything that matters . you may want to think a bit , but the answer will be there in the end . the first two months could be the busiest and most challenging , but you 're up to it . take your home situation ( and budget ) in hand in august and september and make it exactly the way you want . have fun , too . pace yourself in november , and work through a misconception in february . love and be loved all year ! $ find countless pleasures in daily life and have a great time all year ! you 're full of energy , so nothing and no one can rain on your parade . be smart and sensible in the first few months and calmly work hard to further yourself . see better income and steady progress before july . be lucky and feel rich at home in august . in september be more young at heart and enjoy things more . be healthy in november and poised to handle any problem in january . dispel a cherished dream at work in february and move forward . surprising love and friendship round out a great year ! $ be creative and cheerful and see big success this year ! you can be playful and practical at the same time . you can go places fast with your high energy and motivation . no one can keep up with your keen mind in the first month . work hard on what you know works well and make great progress before july . be lucky and generous at home in august and enjoy some of your success . attend to details in november and do not overlook anything important . be inspired by co - workers in february and inspire them , too . bask in love from a surprising direction in the closing months ! $ your inner child will have a lot of playmates this year ! if not usually a people person , you 'll be glad for the people in your life now . be ambitious , energetic , and willing to try new things in the first few months . work hard in the coming months and see success and satisfaction . a home matter has a happy and lucky outcome in august . enjoy fun and friendship in late september . stay happy in november and do not get discouraged by anything . a situation at work in february could be deceiving . when in doubt , ask questions and go slowly . you 're loved all year long ! $ the pleasure of good partners and teammates will make this a happy , powerful year ! early on think carefully about where you are and where you 're headed , then work hard and be ambitious . the home budget may grow in july as you see progress . be very lucky in august and attract more luck for your home environment . do not remodel yet , though . september and october are times to luxuriate in doing what you love with people you love . in february you may recognize that a previous opinion came from a false impression . it 's easy to fix things . april is yours for fun and fantastic love ! $ get passionate about your daily routine and take good care of yourself all year ! this is not selfish - it 's simply smart . think clearly and quickly in the first month and be motivated to improve your personal and professional appearance . stay ambitious and make great progress , especially in july when your good money instincts kick in . if friends keep you too busy in august , you can bow out once in a while . no one will mind . be healthy and content in late october , and know that your good habits will stick . friends and a fresh new love carry you through the year ! $ a busy year will keep you juggling the big things and the little . you decide which are which . you think before you act , which is good when you have so much raw energy . be intent on getting ahead in the first two months and see great advancement just be being smart and practical . friends and family share your happiness in july and august . you 're good with money without being overly frugal . you know how to spend what 's needed , especially in november and january . be brilliant and impress family , friends , a special someone , and yourself in the last few months ! $ see deep into the heart of situations this year and get control . big things become little and manageable in your hands . energy and sharp wit are yours all year long . be on the same page with all your friends in july . family and neighbors may surprise you in august . it will be loving , generous , and good . november could be your most successful month , although it may not feel like anything special at the time . do your work and be responsible and brilliant . if the day job gets emotional in february , stay calm and let it pass . it 's a busy , love - filled year ! $ you 're ready to get more serious about the work you love . you may not care if it takes you far , but it probably will ! have a million great ideas in the first month , and be a good judge of which ones may succeed . a friend could test your patience in july and august , but everyone will want to be big - hearted and have fun . work calmly through the summer and fall . an intimidating challenge is really an opportunity in november . give yourself a chance . get inspired on the job in february . social life heats up happily in april . have a sexy , popular time ! $ friends and admiring people surround you this year , so smile and let them bask in your warm company ! seriously , you have a passion for life that attracts others . you may be too busy with cleverness and fun ( and success ) in the first month , but by july all that affection will catch up with you . you will not neglect any daily obligations , despite all the people in your life . love finds you and brings romance to your door in december . march and april may hold more love - filled surprises if you can slow down enough to notice . work hard and play harder . it 's a sizzling year ! $ yes , these are complicated times . you 're being more successful and achieving more than you realize , so relax more and stress less . you 're the smartest person in the room , especially in the first month . stay cool , work diligently , and reap rewards and praise in august . you can pretend surprise . friends make the daily grind more fun in november . other people may keep you busy in january . do what you can , but remember your obligations . find fresh ambition in february . march and april are for good times and relaxation . fresh new love could be in the mix , too . have a great year ! $ your intensity might scare away a few people this year , but the right ones will stay . inventiveness and generosity may be your two greatest gifts , so pay attention and do not let them carry you away , especially in the first three months . august ignites with popularity and maybe expensive fun . be sensible . settle down for a few months and see some intense success at work in november . january could be the most intense , but with other people 's drama , not yours . inspire someone in february . your social life gets hot and heavy in april . relax with a sweet special someone in the final months ! $ you always have the big picture in view and know what to do when ! you may not pay much attention to others , but you inspire them . be most energetic in the first month . friends keep you hopping and happy in july . surprise yourself in a big way in august . do good things with it . catch up with some older friends in november . learn and try new things with new people in new places in late january . be realistic and responsible but open to the future . friends and love return in a big way in the last few months . what a charmed and charming year ! $ be at the top of your game without any extreme extra effort all year long . you 're bubbling over with energy and motivation , especially early on , and people want to respond well to what you 're doing . friends relate to what you have to say in july . there 's great summer fun coming in august . friends may pitch in and help with some routine errands . return the favors when you can . february is bright with new useful lessons and opportunities . do not fall for a false impression at work later in february . relax with some fun and romance in april and all the following months ! $ career dreams and plans come together this year if you 're smart and persistent . you 're motivated , especially in the first month . stay organized and stick with what works . friends may have suggestions or share dreams in late july . relax , talk , and listen . feel big - hearted in august and maybe pleasantly surprise someone whose spirits need a lift . be more cautious and spend less in november . attention turns to work and career possibilities in february . tend those personal dreams and plans , but do not jump unless you 're sure the offer is real . love makes a quiet approach at year 's end ! $ do work you love , help others , and help yourself greatly , too ! if you are not in your dream job , this may not be the perfect time to find it , but it can be the perfect time to clearly see what it will be . be patient and practical . surprising opportunities and chance meetings abound in june and july . be conspicuous and inspiring and widen your network . friends are there for you in july and august . relax and let them be generous . be consistent as time goes by and gain insight in february . unexpected new love and friendship appear in the last few months . embrace it all ! $ the year bristles with excitement , new friends , and social scenes . be bold and meet some great new people . attract new friends and business associates with your powerful energy and ambition in the first month . be steady with money and responsibilities and win admiration in july . be generous , fun - loving , and lucky in august , but do not overextend yourself . november is calmer . catch up with old friends . march and april are brimming with people , surprises , and fun . do not burn out or burn through the budget with all the good times . a secret , smarter love approaches you at year 's end . it 's a sizzling , sweet year ! $ you 're exciting and in demand this year , so spend more time with more people . it may look like you 're concentrating on everybody else , but by year 's end you 'll see that it was all about you . have fun , connect , and make progress , especially in the first month . you have energy and ambition to burn . time with friends in july will be helpful and productive . august is also a social time - everyone wants to be generous . in november rethink a decision you made a few months ago and be satisfied with your final choice . friends , and a warm , familiar love , surround you in april ! $ set your sights on a personal goal this year . do not be afraid to reach for the stars . be ambitious and inventive , especially early on , and have the support of friends and family . have solid plans and be steady and sensible in your efforts . talk with friends and get advice in july , but use your own ideas . august is rich with summer fun . watch your expenses and then enjoy ! be smart about good health in november and december . april is busy with friends new and old , as well as mischievous pleasure . some of it may be flirtatious , too . it 's an accomplished , warm - hearted year ! $ you know what you want and how to get it this year ! you may not get everything instantly , but you know how to make it happen . cleverness and energy are gifts that serve you well , particularly in the first few months . be quietly productive and responsible . a friend may have some good ideas for you in july . some unexpected good luck may find you while you 're busy having fun with family in august . reevaluate your position in november , and do not be too self - critical . you 're doing well . in april and may relax with friends and perhaps a loving admirer who finally speaks up ! $ secret desires and private thoughts keep you motivated all year . with your energy and spirit , there 's no limit to what you can make happen . work hard , possibly with friends , in the early months and make tremendous progress . stay realistic about money and daily chores , and be ready for fun and relaxation in august . enjoy quiet but intense times with friends . with family , be more outgoing and fun - loving . take good care of yourself in november - eat and rest well . trust your own judgment and instincts at work in february . confide a few secrets to that special someone before year 's end ! $ you have endless great ideas , plans , and energy for the future ! a few of those plans may catch fire and take you far this year . be practical and patient as well as ambitious and creative . you can do it all , especially in june and july . in august something a friend says in private may suddenly click and work out for you in public . some unexpected summer fun later in august could lead to someone being generous . say thank you . look for inspiration , but do not daydream at work in february . in may and june get ready for some romantic insights and possibly passionate love ! $ you 're on fire this year and nothing will slow you down . if you can feel driven without getting impulsive or impatient , you 'll accomplish whatever your heart desires . be independent in the first couple of months , then reach out and relax with friends in july and august . people will be eager to hear what you 've been doing . there may also be fun with family or an unexpected visit from an old friend . a slight misunderstanding at work in february could turn out favorably . be realistic and gracious . from april until year 's end be surrounded by loving friends and rich , friendly love ! $ assert yourself and clearly see who you are and what you want to be . nothing can distract you from what is right or best for you . be motivated and full of energy , particularly in the first few months . relax with friends and family in the summer , mostly in august , and see how much you 're admired and loved . in january if a love interest questions something that you know is right for you , just be true to yourself . be more sensitive and effective at work in february . unexpected happiness comes from friends and that special someone in the closing months ! $ money may attract more attention this year . you 're practical and smart , so struggle less with any pressure to provide for yourself and loved ones . you 're full of energy and motivation , so stress less and simply tend to business . take a break in august and let friends pamper you a bit . it makes them happy to see you happy . a partner may suddenly disagree with you in january , or perhaps a new partner will appear with different ideas . listen politely , but trust your own judgment . find inspiration in your work in february . be unexpectedly lucky with friends in april . love is yours all year ! $ you can strike that sweet balance between material wealth and emotional wealth and make progress in both realms . be shrewd and sensitive in the first two months and see your determination pay off by july . if you yearn for luxury , be conservative and modest in your aims . august could get extravagant , so watch the budget and then let the universe , friends , and family be generous . you 're lucky all summer . be an inspiration at work in february , and gain insight into what motivates people . long - distance friends are your good luck in april . be wrapped in love all year long ! $ be popular and lucky all year long ! you radiate charm and people simply want to be with you . they like doing favors for you , too . quietly attend to business in the first couple months and then enjoy all good things in august . let friends surprise you with their generosity . be generous in return . extravagance is not required . remember to take care of your health in november and december . be conspicuous and encouraging at work in february . this will serve you well later . make some new friends in april , and find some hot new love before the year ends ! $ your best luck and greatest treasures will come from people and places close to home this year . people work smoothly with you , and your enthusiasm and energy will find lots of constructive projects in the first two months . be respectful of your money and have more than enough . august is pleasant and september absolutely joyous with social and family events . no need to run wild or be extravagant . everyone is feeling generous and loving . respect any health concerns in november and let go of any regrets . in february aspire to something more for the future at work . it 's an ambitious , affectionate year ! $ ambitious dreams for tomorrow have their roots at home today ! you have resources and a good foundation to make this a powerful , successful year . get your thoughts organized and use your strong instincts to make the most of the opening months . financial progress can be steady , if slow , with more than enough for a splendid summer . parties and big local meet - ups are likelier than a distant vacation . let friends make suggestions and surprise you with their plans . be safety conscious in november . have bigger career dreams in february . you know that good things take time . welcome love 's sweet embrace all year long ! $ energy and enthusiasm are at an all - time high and confusion and doubt are low ! work hard and accomplish your dreams . in the first two months be pragmatic and a bit protective of what you already have . make progress and gain more without getting manic or greedy . relax and recharge your emotional batteries with friends and family in summer . august is especially rich and happy . love may knock on your door in september , and it will not be shy . speak and act wisely in public in february . people are hanging on your every word . after april , slow down and unwind at home with loved ones ! $ look forward to peaceful times , great luck , and happy people this year . if they 're unhappy when you encounter them , they will not be after spending time with you . you have the touch that calms and soothes the most anxious and agitated . that includes you , so relax and feel secure . the first two months are smooth , if busy . simply tend to business as usual and be responsible . august is about fun and surprises , mostly from friends . enjoy the playfulness . be good to yourself in november , and be inspired and inspirational in february . notice who admires you in may . love conquers all in the final month ! $ find surprising solutions to stubborn old problems this year . you 're well anchored in the real world and comfortable with yourself no matter what 's happening . the first few months look calm and good for making some personal progress , especially at home . august bristles with fun , silliness , and generosity . you may want more peace and quiet in september , but it will not be boring . if a romance starts to feel like work , express this and see what might be changed . dream of far - off places and adventures in february . april gets socially exciting - you might rock a few boats . passion burns through any obstacles at year 's end ! $ this is your time for more fun , creativity , and self - expression ! your inner child will be very near the surface all year long , so choose wisely when it 's appropriate to act out . be responsible and methodical early in the year and build yourself a good base . august is full of fun and frivolity . friends and family will insist on it , anyway . october may be your most creative time and also the riskiest for possibly upsetting or offending someone . your good instincts can keep this under control . enjoy a mental getaway in february . the rest of the year is quiet , productive , loving , and - yes - fun ! $ be creative and socially gracious , and let those excess emotions do good things ! feelings may be high all year , so channel them into positive outlets . be steady and sensible in dealing with daily life , especially in the first few months , and do well all the rest of the year . decompress and celebrate with friends and family in august . if they want to do this in a big way , respect your budget . get creative and daring in november . be spirited and sensible . dreams and aspirations for the future get big in february . social life ignites in april . be treasured all year long ! $ be creative and inspired , follow your heart , and do not look back ! good instincts and intuition will keep you productive and progressing , especially in the first few months . positive criticism sometimes might help you improve things , but negative criticism ? not so much . you have a passion for people and all good things , so enjoy a festive august ( without blowing the budget ) , and treasure all that heartfelt fun with friends and family . do your best for yourself in november . be sensitive and inspired in february . be enthusiastic and inventive at work in april . there are benefits to come . love is in the air all year ! $ take care of the details , take care of yourself , and have a bold , productive year ! it frees up time and energy for more of what you love . enjoy your daily routine and be well organized , particularly early in the year . august means fun and adventure with friends and family - and you will not travel far . november and december may be busy . if some doubts and discouragement appear , they 'll turn out to be illusions . have faith in yourself and do not let anything slow you down . be bold and smart at work in april . intuition and love burn brightly , especially in the closing months ! $ you have endless passion for work and people this year . you 're surrounded by more help and resources than you suspect . just start the conversation . your ideas and efforts are noticed by many , and your hard work could earn more income before august . welcome the unexpected . be generous and receive much from friends and family in august . you 're luckiest and most charming now . luck and charm stay with you , peaking again in december . small rewards and advantages can quickly add up to something big and beautiful . april is your power month , too . passion and your big , tender heart serve you well all year ! $ be your own best friend and be healthy and happy all year long ! friends and family will encourage you to take better care of yourself and make it easier . see benefits in august when your energy increases and smart decisions can bring more income . have fun all summer , and be generous without spending more than needed . feel more creative in november , but let those bright ideas simmer . take good care of yourself in late december , and do not overdo the holiday eating and partying . love could surprise you in january . pleasant surprises at work in april may pay off big for months to come ! $ love draws you out this year and it could be hard to satisfy all your feelings . be aware that your dream love could find you . you shine with energy and inspiration and this can bring many people your way . enjoy the exposure and popularity . private conversations and networking could bring money your way in august . have fun , but watch expenses . december and january are emotional , sensitive times when you 'll need your partner to work with you . keep anxieties under control and then listen to your heart . work hard in march and april and win rewards and recognition . it 's an ambitious , affectionate year ! $ sweet , soothing love finds you in a year when romance could solve more problems than it causes . have good , clear discussions ( mostly about money ) and sizzle with popularity in august . agree on what constitutes relaxing fun and then relax into november . a challenge or disagreement in january could stress a relationship , but there 's a solution if you both want to work for it . ideally , you want everybody to be happy . a spiritual insight or breakthrough could heal your heart in february . extra incentive at work in april can be very profitable in coming months . you 're advancing in all the ways that count this year ! $ you see answers for other people 's problems and gain great insight into solving your own . easily and happily fix some daily concerns - often money related - that have annoyed you for a while . summer fun could get expensive in august if you do not pay attention to your budget . you can do it and still feel like royalty . your mood may sag briefly in november . a totally unexpected show of love in january is a major pick - me - up . get joyful and inspired in february . a change at work in april is another big boost for your prestige and finances . it 's a brilliant , beautiful year ! $ have big plans , big ideas , and big dreams ! there 's all the energy you need . be realistic in your approach and see what you can make happen . august is loving and luxurious without any need to overspend . the whole summer is made for fun . enjoy quiet time in november and politely ignore any meaningless criticism . a big love ( not necessarily a person ) could come or go in january , or perhaps it 's simply a shift in the romance lineup . working for a good cause touches your heart in february . be daring but not reckless at work in april and gain respect and rewards . have a magnificent year ! $ dreams can come to life this year ! make the best use of your almost endless energy and enthusiasm , turn any challenge or sudden change to your favor , and work wonders . be popular and attract good luck and possibly money in august . have fun , but respect your budget . be patient in november and get countless creative great ideas for later . a major change in a partnership or love interest could happen in january . a strong heart and clear head will assure that all is right . be inspired and uplifted in february . be bold , not wild , at work in april . have a dynamic , dream - filled year ! $ be popular , prominent , and do great things this year ! you 'll be highly visible and people will hear what you say . just relax and be your normal , goodhearted self . august is party time , but you can keep things under control . watch your expenses , respect your resources , and see people respect you . by november you may have second thoughts about the summer , but do not look back with regret . be safe and healthy in january . spiritual insights may come in early march . march and april are powerful times at work , so do your best and benefit for a long time to come . have a glorious year ! $ work hard and make tremendous progress with any career plans . you 'll be more visible socially and in the public eye , too . there 's more than enough energy and motivation for you to make this a great year . attract money and widen your networking circle in august and have some big fun . if you overspend in august , you may rein in expenses in november . do not be too severe . be proactive about health in january . remember some big dreams in march . do a lot at work in april , but you may face some opposition . be gracious but firm , bold but not confrontational . it 's a powerful year ! $ put your own agenda and well - being first and be tireless this year ! succeed big and have more to share and give back . feel charmed and lucky in august , and be surprised by everyone 's generosity . make some time in november to work hard on a private passion . be more health and safety conscious in january . an unlikely dream may start to make more sense in march . april is the time to focus on career plans . be solid , practical , and bold in your efforts . more authority and profit could find you in the coming months . be smart , ambitious , loved , and admired all year ! $ enjoy the social good life in big and small ways this year ! you can participate in more groups and social circles without exhausting yourself or your resources . look forward to lots of party invitations and summer gatherings in august . pay your share , but do not be overgenerous . concentrate on what works best in november . respect health and daily obligations in january . a spiritual insight in march could catch fire in your imagination . a generous act from august could bring you a lucky break at work in april . you and your friends come together for extra pleasure and happiness in may . be loved all year ! $ have many good times with friends and learn ways to improve your material well - being and finances as the year goes on . friends can a guiding force if expenses get unreasonable in august . organize your thoughts in november and enjoy more low - key personal pleasures . be wise and reasonable about health , diet , and safety in january . work steadily and in march learn a deep and happy lesson that makes you better and more effective . be innovative at work in april . social life picks up in may . there may be a few minor clashes , but with good resolutions for all . be surrounded by comfort and friends all year ! $ be popular , mentally sharp , and keenly observant all this year ! you 'll also have a lot to say , though you may want to save it for a trusted few . august holds high summer fun and a few surprises . just be careful about costs and spending . slow down , enjoy more private quality time in november , and do not let a friend 's emotional ups and downs upset you . be safety conscious in january . you may solve a sticky and important dilemma in march . a surprise at work in april can be beneficial later . lighthearted social fun offers relief in june . it 's a loving , enlightening year ! $ people confide in you this year , and you have a lot of confidential advice to share . people enjoy your company , and you may be very busy when the competing invitations arrive in august . do not overspend or over - party . respect your budget and gain more financial respect and trust in november . enjoy some creative , quiet time , too . guard against burnout or exhaustion in january . in march be even more inspired and motivated to go and do what you love . be inventive and productive at work in april . the right people will notice . the final month is packed with sparkling talk , great enthusiasm , and tremendous affection ! $ you may crave a more ideal connection with the people and things you love best . traditions touch your heart and enrich your life every day . be sensitive to the needs of friends in august and celebrate summer festivities with family . respect your budget and money will create no problem . work diligently and enjoy a calm , creative november . take good care of yourself in january and avoid anything risky or reckless . an aspiration becomes reasonable and possible in march . a bold action at work can be well received in april . the last month brings much happiness with clever , ambitious friends and tender love ! $ be privately ambitious and wisely choose when , where , and how outwardly hard to pursue your goals . success is within your grasp , and with care you can make things happen . august is busy with summer get - togethers that could get expensive if you are not careful . have fun and enjoy seeing people happy . pull back a bit in november and schedule quiet time for yourself . be safe , healthy , and responsive to fixing little problems in january . march brings dreams of happiness and love . outward ambition may kick in for you in april . end the year on many high notes of love , wisdom , and success ! $ you 're the center of a big circle of friends and family , so make sure you remember to be at the center of your own life , too ! take good care of your needs and happiness and be strong and ready for anything . be popular and lucky in august and receive some generous treatment from a surprising source . if some people 's requests seem unreasonable to you in november , trust your judgment and be firm . respect any health needs in january . in april be bold and confident at work even if it makes you uncomfortable for a while . be loved and supported all year ! $ hold your head high all year and find joy in every day ! do more of what pleases you and watch the people around you grow happier . make wise money decisions in august , and be generous with your time and favors . many good things will return to you later . save private time in november for what pleases you . get physically active in january and maybe overhaul your ideas of how to be healthy . it may not be possible to do all you want in march . you do a great deal and get a lot of love , especially intimate love , in the final months ! $ get practical and lucky this year and make great progress with money and material wealth of all sorts ! august is an especially lucky and fun time when people want to be and be seen with you . make contacts that can benefit you later . spend more time on your own pursuits in november , though it may briefly cost you some approval or friendship . be true to you . health and the details of daily life are important in january . take extra good care of yourself . april may be the time to be bold and benefit from earlier efforts and relationships . be loved and admired all year ! $ make great progress this year and see your biggest victories come from the smallest efforts ! you appreciate what matters most , and it is not always the loudest or flashiest concerns . be modest in your ambitions ( but be ambitious ) in the first month . august and september light up with fun , generosity , and a golden touch for making lasting connections . concentrate on your own passions in november . be smart about health in january , and tend promptly to any loose ends or worries . people may expect too much of you in march . progress at work blooms in april . it 's a year of love , opportunity , and success ! $ it 's one busy year full of fun , friends , and some crazy big opportunities ! make sure you get your rest and keep your home organized so you can better enjoy all the activity elsewhere . make friends and perhaps more money in august when people like how you do what you do . september is satisfying and less hectic , but work may keep you busy . november is more for you to recover and relish some fun personal projects . be good to yourself in january , too . a big break at work is possible in april , so pay attention . you 're wrapped in love and wisdom , especially near year 's end ! $ it 's a productive year full of friends and personal prime time . work calmly and steadily day by day on the little things and see great progress and satisfaction by year 's end . august is full of heavy socializing and temptations to overspend , but you can weather this popularity storm . see eye to eye with friends and wise relatives in september and october . they 'll respect your need for privacy in november . stay safe and healthy in january . continue calmly working and prepare for an april challenge at work that shows off your skills and talents . love and affection are near at hand all year long ! $ enjoy plenty of support from friends and family , and be ready for whatever opportunities and challenges come your way ! you 're strong , smart , and can make your own breaks . present yourself well in august and attract resources and people who want to advance with you . in october you can clearly see people 's agendas and future work possibilities . make suggestions and secure agreements . explore a private passion in november . be healthy and feel good in january . attend to daily obligations and be ready to pounce - or create - an opportunity at work in april . the closing months are more intimate , passionate , and quiet ! $ put down deep , strong roots with friends , family , and community , and make the most of all the breaks that come your way ! make some of your own , too . your judgment is good and your instincts are better still . enjoy high times in august , but do not linger or overspend . in october be calm and do what makes sense to you , especially at home . you may want to change something that displeases others . remember that you count , too . be safe and healthier in january . april puts you in the spotlight at work . you can make things happen . as the year ends , let people love you ! $ home is your emotional anchor and from there you can take on the world ! you may have moments of doubt or insecurity , but nothing will slow you down . be mentally keen and curious as the year starts . gifts and tenderness from friends will keep you feeling strong and secure in august . be careful with money and enjoy smooth sailing . stay calm in november and december . do not argue with yourself - you 're fine . be strong in january and inspire others in march . work diligently and stay patient in april . rewards are coming . activity , fondness , and love fill the last few months ! $ be productive at home and get closer to loved ones ! your understanding and actions find easy answers to any questions or problems . you may be expected to go through the motions socially or for the family in august . december is more relaxed and concerns your own interests and needs . make yourself happy . be health conscious in january . listen to others ' dreams and wishes in march . be successful at work in april . be bold and take on more authority and responsibility . be firm , not belligerent . quiet , loving times - and maybe some red - hot loving - at home fill out the final months ! $ be your own brightest star and learn what 's most fulfilling for you . make your own evaluations and then trust your judgment . you may need to go along with the flow in august . if income improves , say thank you and keep working hard . you may need more alone time in december to combat holiday madness and explore and satisfy your own needs and desires . stay healthy in january and stay active . april and may are busy at work - or perhaps mostly mentally busy with desired changes and innovations that are slow in coming . hang in there . deep love and devotion embrace you all year ! $ you sparkle with fun and excitement this year ! if not a big trip , a big adventure close to home is still possible . you 're ready to think , plan , and live big . festivities cannot be big enough for you in august . enjoy the popularity and fun , but watch the expense . work calmly until december ignites with more fun and thrills . you 'll keep it safe , no matter how wild it looks at first . attend to daily details in january and do not be caught off guard by anything . be the center of attraction again in april , and maybe go somewhere romantic . relax in the arms of love . sweetness ! $ be surrounded by people and good times this year ! live life on a slightly bigger stage and be more successful at whatever you try . if wishes and careful planning compete in your mind , be confident and then successful . generosity and popularity find you later in august . do not fritter away this good luck - profit all year from it . be firm and confident at home in november and enjoy life more in december . be encouraging and supportive in january and march , and take good care of yourself , too . let your creativity and inner light shine in april . love every day and be loved , too ! $ health and happiness are big on your agenda , and you deserve the extra pampering and attention . do not overthink or imagine problems in the first month , but settle down and be ready to attract good luck , more money , and more attention in august and september . if you 're uncomfortable socially , relax and let it pass . have confidence in december , especially at home . be strong - willed and in control of all the details in january . let someone special confide in you in march . work hard throughout the year , particularly in april and may , but do not fight other people 's battles . your year is full of love ! $ daily life comes together for you as annoyances and complications melt away under your gaze ! you 'll naturally work hard all year but not even consider it work . get in your groove in the first month , get lucky , and have many friends backing you in september . money should be adequate if you remember your budget . maybe save a little in december , but do not neglect your own needs . focus on what needs to be done in january and let the rest wait . someone else 's wishful thinking could get amusing in march . from april until year 's end , be busy , productive , romantic , and in love with life ! $ your birthday year gets off to a great start as you explore new possibilities in love and romance . however , it 's important for you to take the time to go slowly as you pursue these relationship opportunities . otherwise , you might find that later in the year , you have bitten off more than you can chew . this summer will be a good time to pick up the pace , and by fall , you will know whether you can commit for the long term or try again with someone new . the next few months will also be a good time to really get clear on your work and professional life . if you have ever wanted to change careers , winter is the time to get serious and take action . $ plan on taking a vacation this summer as your birthday year begins with a planetary influence that encourages rest and relaxation . this energy do not last long however , and by august the pace picks up and you will be drawn to complete unfinished projects and tie up loose ends . your fall season looks good financially , as all your hard work begins to pay off and you reap the harvest you have worked so hard for . november is a good month for spending time with family and loved ones as you will feel a powerful nesting instinct that promotes building stronger bonds with those you are already close too . make the most of your time together , and take this opportunity to let go of old resentments and tensions . $ if you have been wanting to make changes in your life , this year is the time to do it . your birthday kicks off with a bang , as you take the leap into a whole new era of your life . your courage , bravery and drive are taken to a whole new level as you take risks and try new things . september will bring an important decision that could lead to some doors closing as others open . try to make this decision carefully , paying particular attention to what you will lose as well as what you might gain . december brings a turning point in an intimate relationship , either bringing you closer together , or giving you insight on why you might need to take a break . $ if you have been waiting for something , you should receive an answer or decision now , as your birthday brings a sense of resolution and completion to a long awaited project or issue . love is in the air all summer , as you rediscover your joy and love for life . try not to commit to any one person right away , instead take your time to discover who is really right for you . as the weather turns cooler this fall , you may become so busy with work that you have a hard time making room for relationships . it 's important that you learn to balance these two areas of your life , as you will need both in order to feel happy and fulfilled . plan on a big surprise later in the year as things heat up in your life with a new and unexpected opportunity arising seemingly out of nowhere . $ this birthday year , if you can dream it and believe it , you can be it . now is the time to envision your most desired fantasy becoming reality , as your life takes on a magical flavor , and people , places and events wake you up to new possibilities and astounding opportunities . july may bring a short detour on your path as you try to slow down the pace of your progress . but once you grow more accustomed to all the changes , the speed picks up again , and by late fall you may not even recognize the person you have become . make sure you try to save money now as your expenses could grow later this year due to new additions to your home or family . $ your birthday year should get off to a great start with invitations to a variety of social gatherings and other fun events . as the weather gets warmer , your romantic life should heat up as well . whether you are single or partnered , this summer will bring you plenty of opportunities for love and connection . you may feel that you are working harder for the same results , but by the end of the fall , your efforts will bear fruit , and you are likely to receive some kind of recognition or acknowledgement at work . if you keep your ego in check and avoid acting overconfident , your star will continue to rise , and you can count on success in all your endeavors . $ birthday surprises abound for you as you find fulfillment in unexpected places . your lessons this year revolve around keeping an open mind and trying things you may have been afraid of in the past . through encounters with new friends and romantic partners , your summer should be an unusual one . try to keep your connections with old friends as you experiment with new social activities . in october you may feel the need to spend some time alone , retreating and taking a break from the busy whirl of the previous few months . this fall can also be a good time to save money for the future , when you will decide to make a big purchase , probably something that you have wanted for a long time . $ your birthday celebration may seem to get off to a slow start , leaving you hungering for opportunities to party and have a good time . if you can be patient and trust that you will get what you want , july should bring you many more opportunities for fun and frolic . your mind may also be focused on love this year , as you try to jumpstart your social life and spend more time out and about . it 's likely that you will encounter success in the realm of romance , though it may come in an unusual form . try to keep an open mind and an adventurous spirit and by next year you will likely find yourself happier than you have been in a long time . $ your desire to learn new things and explore beyond the reaches of your immediate environment is strong this year , as you strike out in search of adventure . august brings you opportunities to travel and interact with a new group of people . though you may feel hesitant at first , by the fall , you will find your confidence growing in leaps and bounds . try to remember to be observant and ask questions , as you take on the role of a student . by november , you may have an opportunity to share some of what you are learning with others . at the end of the year , love is in the air , as your courage to reach out and connect to others grows by leaps and bounds . $ this birthday may seem to remind you of everything you are grateful for in your life , as planetary influences bring you a sense of satisfaction and fulfillment . although you may feel challenged to hold onto these good feelings during the month of august , with a little hard work , you will still be able to maintain your appreciation for your life accomplishments even during this stressful time . by the middle of september you will notice that you are ready to take on a new project or mission . think carefully before you make any big commitments , but allow yourself to move forward into this unexplored direction . your family and community may feel neglected at first , but later they will thank you for your hard work . $ if it 's your birthday today , you are in for a real treat as this year is bound to be one you will remember for a long time . july gets off to a great start with exciting encounters with others that lead you to a new understanding of yourself . september may find you working hard to complete unfinished projects , but by the end of the fall , you will have more time to relax and rejuvenate . your finances should improve as well , as you grow more creative in how you apply your skills and talents in the world . try to listen more than you talk this year , learning from those around you and gathering important information that will help you in the future . $ your birthday year may seem challenging at first , leading you to believe that things are harder than they actually are , but if you can be patient , you will reap great rewards later . august looks to be one of your best months in a long time , as you creatively blossom in the world , and express yourself in fun and exciting ways . this process will lead to many new opportunities in work , love and your home life , particularly during mid - to late fall . the more you can maintain your commitment this year to those things that are important to you in life , the greater your rewards will be later . overall , patience and persistence will pay off more than trying to push things forward too quickly . $ mystery , magic and the unexpected are the theme of your birthday this year . you may meet a new person who introduces you to fascinating new arenas of life and intriguing possibilities to explore . july will be a good time to move forward into this new territory , remembering to keep your feet on the ground and take care of practical matters as you take a leap into the unknown . by september you should know if you are going to change your life completely , or take baby steps until you feel comfortable enough to go all the way . at work , late fall could be a good time to ask for a promotion or other change in your professional environment . $ your birthday this year presents you with an opportunity to make a renewed commitment to your health and well - being . if you have ever wanted to take up a new sport or get in shape , this year is the time to do it . in august you will receive extra encouragement in this direction from a friend or romantic partner , who may join in on your efforts , or support you in other ways . you may also have an opportunity to travel in late summer , exploring new environments and being exposed to diverse people and situations . make the most of all this activity , as once the fall season kicks in , you will have ample opportunity to slow down and relax , as you nest in preparation for a new year . $ celebrate in style on your birthday in preparation for great things to come . as your own personal new year sets in , you will be offered a number of appealing opportunities to choose from . love , work and travel top the list , and your own problem may be choosing just a few from so many exciting options . try to remember what is really important to you , and what you value in life above all else . by september , you should have a clear idea of what direction to take , as your life moves forward in a completely different direction than you might have expected . fall is your transition time , as you make the leap from one reality to the next . go more slowly then , but do go . $ imagine your life as if it was exactly the way you wanted it . this birthday year , you might actually have a chance to live this life as planetary influences bring you long sought - after goals . though july might bring some unexpected challenges , by the end of the summer , you will have manifested more than one of your wishes and dreams . love in particular may offer opportunities galore , as you rejuvenate existing relationships or meet exciting new romantic partners in play . gratitude will help this expansive tide of goodness keep flowing right through the fall , as you continue to discover what brings you joy and fulfillment . if winter brings a few wrinkles in your plans , stay patient because things will smooth out early next year . $ fun , playfulness , and humor are easy to manifest this year as your birthday begins on a note of whimsy . try to carry this tone into the rest of your life , as you may feel more serious than usual around matters of the heart . be assured that this will not last forever , as the fall will bring you many chances for love . in fact , you may find yourself hearing from people from your past at this time and taking steps to forge new beginnings . november in particular could be a good time to make progress in relationships , and you will see your work pay off by the beginning of next year . although your success will not be instantaneous , it should be long - lasting . $ your birthday brings you a fresh start , as you clear away the cobwebs of the past and take the next steps on your journey . although you may feel a bit uncertain about the challenges you face , you have a chance to re - create yourself and embark on a whole new life . you may find yourself a little confused in september , questioning your changes and new priorities . if you can stay the course through the fall , you will find that you are able to fully commit yourself to the life you have now chosen . you will probably also receive support and encouragement from a new friend at this time . allow yourself to be helped , even if it makes you feel vulnerable . $ you will probably enjoy being the center of attention on your birthday , but by july you will be craving time alone . try to find a balance between retreating and socializing this year , as you may have a tendency to overdo one or the other . during the month of august you will feel a greater sense of ease in life and be able to relax about the choices and decisions you have made so far . finances may become an issue in september , but by the end of the year you will see a light at the end of the tunnel . it 's possible at this time that you will discover a new way to generate income doing something that comes naturally to you . $ today you 're apt to be a bit preoccupied , capricorn . you might find yourself considering concepts that others think are strange and impractical . this might involve metaphysics or the occult or unusual ways of making a living - or all of the above . you might want to discuss this with others . however , you should make a decision based on your preferences without influence from those who are not directly involved . $ some people around you might think that you have never really matured , capricorn , that you still have the mind of a child . it might not seem obvious at first , but your lighthearted attitude is also a sign of great wisdom . as with those who have truly committed to long - term romances , you will find out that you 'll never lose your lightheartedness . $ you have a generous nature , capricorn . you know how to give and devote yourself to solving the problems others that confide in you . this will still be true today , but not entirely in the same way . in fact , it would not be wise for people to bother you with their problems if they really are not all that important . it 's high time for you to take care of yourself for a while . $ capricorn , the atmosphere of the day gives you the impression that there could be a lot of changes waiting to unfold in your personal life . most of them will concern your relationships . today you could feel as if you 've just changed your star sign . take the time to open up and listen to what the stars might reveal to you . this will be time well spent . $ research on a subject related to a project could have you heading to a place where you can read without being constantly distracted , capricorn . your concentration is high and you 're likely to accomplish a lot in this regard . although you might not find the material as interesting as you 'd hoped , the quality of the work you produce is going to get the attention of people in authority . get going . $ there is a fun - loving , boisterous energy to the day that should give you a great deal of power and self - confidence . you 'll be extremely effective in everything you put your hand to , capricorn . remember to love yourself and believe in the things you say and do . generate passionate love from your heart . no one will be able to respond with anything but the same . $ take it easy today , capricorn , and work to digest some of the input you 've received over the past couple days . this is a day to contemplate and plan . with matters of the heart , you may find that a sensitive , grounded approach works best . this is not always your favorite mode of operation , but it 's one that will provide you with the balance to counteract your usual frenzied pace . $ go for the gold , capricorn . today marks the beginning of the rest of your life . treat it with respect . you may be on a crusade and your combative instincts could be working overtime . there 's a lot of fuel in your engine , so do not worry about running out . the only thing you really need to be concerned about is possibly stepping on other people 's toes . make sure you consider how your actions affect others . $ recent spiritual breakthroughs might have you feeling both exhilarated and downcast . your sensitive side tells you that this is a definite step forward on your spiritual path , but your logical side might cause you to doubt the reality of it . take comfort in the fact that reality is relative , capricorn . what you 're sensing is at least valid for you . then keep moving ahead . $ trying to get too much work done in the course of one day might prove self - defeating today , capricorn . your energy is not what it usually is , and you 're probably operating on nervous energy . consider the situation and list your tasks in order of urgency . the world will not come to an end if you do not get them all done today . in the evening , rent a pile of dvds , order a pizza , and relax . $ uptight is the word for today , capricorn . at some point you might find yourself the center of attention . while you normally might not mind , now it could make you a bit nervous . when you find everyone looking at you and expecting you to say something , say it , keep it short , and then withdraw . you are not in the mood . visit your favorite online sites and read about subjects that interest you to relieve the stress . $ you may feel some indecision regarding a loved one today , capricorn . something could be urging you to act in this department , yet you might find that you just want to lay low . realize that there 's an important next step that you must take . think the situation through before you make a move . in fact , this day is best spent gathering data . perhaps you should wait before doing something about it . $ an increased understanding of distant cultures as well as curiosity about the people who live there could spur you on to further learning about those places , capricorn . friends or groups with which you 're affiliated could be involved in some way . you 're likely to channel a lot of energy into intellectual activities today and inspire others to do the same . take a walk at some point during the day to clear your head . $ today is a good day for you to simply get things done . take care of those annoying tasks that have been building up for a while . you have a great opportunity to accomplish quite a bit . people are less concerned with frivolous drivel and gossip than they are with setting a plan for meeting an important goal . contribute to this trend by getting serious about the tasks at hand . $ as you follow the path toward acquiring the latest , greatest , fastest , and best , you might find that you 're leaving behind some fundamental principles and values along the way , capricorn . do not lose sight of your foundation . things could get shaken up today . your ego might be on trial for pig - headed behavior . keep yourself in check and be aware of the way you project yourself to others . $ you might find that there 's a quality of dreaminess to your emotions today that keeps you from focusing on the task at hand , capricorn . people are likely to be stubborn and confused , and you could be one of them . it might seem as if your mind is going in two directions and you are not sure which way to proceed . try to incorporate more of your dreams into your waking reality . $ your physical stamina is apt to be quite strong today , capricorn . you should consider working out to release some of that pent - up energy . engage in a sport or something that involves strategy and good coordination . pick up a tennis racquet or join a basketball game , if possible . you 'll find that your high level of energy will be the key to coming out on top . $ get up and get going today , capricorn . you have no time to lose . your quick mind will be busy working on many tasks , but this suits you just fine . you 're well equipped to deal with the many frantic situations that are apt to crop up . there is a great deal of strength to your emotions that you can use to connect with others and communicate your thoughts in a healthy manner . $ you may say one thing one minute and the opposite the next , capricorn . usually you can jump from one issue to another with no problem , but today people are likely going to call you on it . think about what you really mean before you say it . do not do all your thinking aloud where other people can hear . your continuous thought process might be mistaken for a final analysis . confusion could ensue . $ your mind may seem rather cloudy today , capricorn , but do not let this hinder you . in fact , you 'll find that you can use this feeling of fantasy to your advantage . try to bring more magic into your life . you 'll discover that the more you accept your bizarre feelings and ideas , the more things will fall into place . do not think that everything in life has to be completely rational . $ listen closely to the wind , for the answers are blowing around right in front of you today , capricorn . contact people you have not heard from in a while . you 'll find that you can be quite productive where you least expect it . ironically , the less you plan , the more you 'll get done . be spontaneous in your actions . revelations will come to you like lightning . $ this is an important day for you to make valuable connections with others , capricorn . you 'll find yourself engaged in fast - paced , witty conversations and debates from which you can learn a great deal . you 're good at seeing both sides of an issue , but the problem is that this can lead to indecisiveness and an inability to commit to anything . choose a path today and stick to it . $ people may be a bit critical of you today , capricorn , and you would do well to hear what they have to say . be receptive of feedback from others so that you may establish a healthy ego . it 's important to keep your sense of humility in check . you might find that you 're feeling rather critical as you see people moving like sloths compared to your lightning quick mind . be patient with others . $ the doldrums are over and its time to pick up the pace , capricorn . come out of your home in full regalia today and be proud of what you have to offer to the world . be courageous in your dealings with others and take the time to express yourself fully in a creative manner . the bigger the smile you wear , the further you 'll go in just about every situation you encounter . $ you might find yourself daydreaming about faraway places , capricorn , perhaps toying with the idea of taking a long vacation by air to a place you 've always wanted to visit in the future . this is not a good day to make definite plans . you are not likely to be inclined to do that now anyway . love matters may take an unexpected turn , as a spiritual bond seems to be forming between you and a potential romantic partner . $ be careful not to be too cavalier today , capricorn . it would be wise to adopt a more serious tone than you normally would . you might be inclined to be careless with your words , but people are going to take you very literally . make sure you say things that you actually mean . your attention to fashion and pop culture may conflict with a force that 's asking you to focus on things of deeper spiritual value . $ you may have the spark that wants to light things today , capricorn . indeed , there 's a fast - paced tendency to the day that is right up your ally . you should be able to accomplish quite a bit under the prevailing trends . just make sure you 're constructive with criticism and be careful that you are not too abrasive toward the people you deal with . in other words , be nice . $ a friend could put you in touch with a lot of interesting people , some in fields such as law , education , or the ministry . expect at some point to be treated to a monologue on social and ecological responsibilities , capricorn ! you 'll have a lot of definite ideas on those subjects , but you 'll be more likely to listen than talk for most of the day . enjoy your day . $ romantic feelings blossom today , capricorn . you may suddenly appear more attractive than usual . lovers and potential lovers may seem unusually attentive . you could also be feeling very creative , and you might want to try your hand at poetry or fiction . reading romantic novels or seeing romantic movies could also be appealing . surround yourself with candles , flowers , and music , and enjoy ! $ friction with family members , particularly women , could prove irritating , especially since you 're torn between their quirks and the love you have for them . this is not the time to hold grudges , capricorn . let them go . you might feel the urge to do some home repairs , redecorate , or otherwise improve your home , or perhaps cook a great meal . channel your energy into these activities instead of quarreling . you 'll be glad you did . $ do countries abroad represent real opportunities for you , capricorn ? this is a question that you 'll soon have to answer . the grass may be greener on the other side of the world , but have you considered the possibility that it is not ? could it be that the dream of working abroad is a convenient explanation for the dissatisfaction you feel at work ? it 's important to solve this riddle , because you 'll soon make some key decisions that depend on the answer . $ letters , phone calls , or emails from afar could put you in touch with new , interesting people . these people could well bring some fascinating ideas your way , capricorn . shared knowledge can lead to mutual advancement on material and spiritual levels . this process just might turn a casual acquaintance into a firm friend . expect a lot of contact with these people for a long time to come . enjoy your day . $ you could feel restless and anxious to get out in the open for a while today , capricorn , but mundane tasks could force you to postpone it . someone you care about might ask for a favor , and while you may not want to help this person , you probably will . do not let your irritation show - just get it done quickly and accept the person 's thanks . in the evening , go for a long walk under the stars . $ situations regarding love and romance are likely to get much heavier and more intense now , capricorn . are you ready to make a deeper commitment to the one you love ? it may be quite hard for you to make a solid commitment because you could be wary of the freedom you 'll lose . now is the time to face the music and really dedicate yourself to the people who mean the most to you . $ today it might suddenly hit you that you have a lot of unfinished tasks that need to be completed , and this might lead to a case of the blues . take heart ! the process appears more overwhelming than it is , capricorn . a little planning and focused discipline should enable you to get through everything without stressing yourself out too much . in the evening , reward yourself with a meal out or a movie . $ your relationships are going well from an intellectual perspective , capricorn , but from an emotional one , you might feel like they are not as fulfilling as you 'd like . perhaps you 're letting your brain do too much of the driving . it 's time to let your heart take over and have its needs be tended to for a while . as your energy shifts , so will that of people around you . let them react however they will . try not to be upset by the changes that follow . $ take inventory of your habits and behaviors , capricorn . look to certain patterns and note the ones that do and do not work for you . you 'll more than likely feel an urge to break free from repetition and create new paths that allow for other opportunities to come along . you may not even be consciously aware that in many ways you 're beating a dead horse . do not continue to waste your energy on paths that go nowhere . $ today is not a great day for inspiring enthusiasm in others , capricorn . you might find that there 's a sober , conservative tone to the day that 's stealing the fuel from your fire . realize that this is just part of the natural cycle of things . do not feel that you need to be up and active all the time . give yourself a rest and focus your energy inward . settle your nerves and get down to business . $ do not second - guess yourself today , capricorn . it could be that you 're wavering so much about a decision that even after you make it , you hesitate to follow through with it . once you make up your mind about something , stick with it . have confidence in your own mental process . once you begin to waver , it may be difficult to find the assurance that you need since you 'll inevitably slide down the slippery slope of self - doubt . $ today is a terrific day to express your thoughts , capricorn . you 'll find your mind especially clear and ready to tackle any mental issue that comes your way . your tendency is toward free and unconventional ways of problem solving . express the importance of being able to think for yourself . write letters , make calls , and surprise someone with a personal visit . connect with friends you have not spoken with in a long time . $ consider going on a trip with a close loved one , capricorn . a long - term break from the current reality may be just the thing needed to infuse a new blast of romance into your life . if you 're unattached , you might find that going on an adventure to a foreign country results in meeting the love of your life . broaden your horizons and look to new ways of thinking and believing . $ tune into your dreams today , capricorn . do you often feel intensely jealous thinking the people around you are living amazing lives while you 're stuck in a dull , boring routine ? the only person who can pull you out of this rut is you , so stop complaining and do it . change is easier than it seems at first . let your imagination take control and work toward manifesting your most fanciful goals . $ your receptivity to new ideas is stronger than usual today , capricorn . listen to what people say and remember that you can learn from every person you meet . there 's a lesson in every situation . remember to keep your brain exercised , just like any other part of your body . to keep it working properly , you must make sure you give it the daily stimulus that it requires . $ it 's a long road to becoming exactly the person you want to be , capricorn . you cannot change who you are . input from every person you know and lessons from every bump in the road contribute to who you are as a person . be proud of yourself , but also realize that there 's a great deal more internal development that needs to be done . meditate or be alone for a little while . $ you have a keen analytical mind that has served you well in business . alas , capricorn , this characteristic do not always serve you well in your personal life . it 's likely that someone close has bristled from your lack of empathy . take time to reflect upon the events of the past few weeks . did you inadvertently send a wrong message ? correct any unintentional slights . a simple i 'm sorry , will do wonders . $ finally , capricorn , you 'll be able to breathe a long overdue sigh of relief . it 's likely that you 've been worried about your finances for some time . well , you need worry no longer . the events of today either put you back in the black or show you a clear path to get there . you 've been working hard to resolve these financial matters . you can now start working smarter . $ be a bit more sensitive with your words today , capricorn . your mind is apt to be especially active and even a bit restless . this is more than likely a signal to get more of your opinions out into the world . as you do , make sure you consider the feelings of others . people might have quite a different reaction to the same situation . respect opposing viewpoints . $ be a bit more selective in terms of where you put your energy today , capricorn . do not waste your time with situations that are not healthy or conducive to your aims . you may find it hard to get motivated , but this is fine . this is a good day to lay low . your energy is apt to feel rather sluggish , so be conservative with how you use it . pace yourself throughout the day . $ you 're riding a wave of prosperity and things are looking up for you , capricorn . the situation today may appear too good to be true . the bad news is that 's probably the case . it may be that the truth is being masked , and that there 's a great deal of speculation and hype causing a frenzy of activity . feel free to join the frivolity but realize that the bubble may burst tomorrow . $ this is not a good day to travel , capricorn , especially by air . long lines at the ticket counter , endless delays , and lost luggage could be the result . this may not even be a good day to plan a trip , although you can consider your options . if you must fly today , get to the airport early , travel light , and take something good to read . that will make it bearable . $ you may feel a need to add some fantasy to your daily routine today , capricorn . do you have someone in mind you 'd like cupid 's arrow to strike ? well , do not rely on a cherub to do your work for you . get out and do some target practice of your own so you 'll be prepared when you see the object of your desire across a crowded room . keep things light and cheerful . $ do not be surprised if you leap out of bed with a spark of inspiration that was not there last night , capricorn . let your dreams linger a bit before you face the world . this flash of genius is likely to strike quickly and unexpectedly , so keep an eye out for it , but do not consider it something that you can plan on or force into happening . $ an unexpected chance to fly to a faraway place , perhaps at someone else 's expense , could come to you today , capricorn . a group might be involved , perhaps one connected with education . do you lecture or teach ? if so , this might be a chance to give a lecture in an exciting place you 've never been to before . get your materials together , pack your bag , and go . have fun ! $ you 're probably feeling especially energetic but with little if any outlet for your energy , capricorn . increased irritability and frustration could tempt you to take it out on friends , children , or your significant other . on days like this you might want to consider jogging , yoga , or aerobics . these can produce endorphins that override the stress . go for it . $ jealousy could rear its ugly head today , capricorn . this could involve a romantic relationship . jealousy is often groundless , so avoid it by doing some communicating . this is the time to make the effort to turn a disadvantage into an advantage . strong emotions can work for you under some circumstances . a passionate reconciliation is better than an angry estrangement . $ expect some great news regarding money , possibly professional advancement . you may have to control the urge to break into tears of joy , capricorn . a female friend could be going through some heavy changes and might want your support . your best course of action would be to listen rather than offer advice . you may have to try hard to control yourself , however . the situation could defy all reason . $ some fascinating new information , possibly spiritual or metaphysical , could come today from periodicals , tv , or the internet . this could set you on a new course of study , capricorn . your insights and revelations could prove valuable in increasing your understanding of what you read . this evening , expect a surprising message from someone you have not heard from in a while . enjoy ! $ if possible , a social event could take place today involving a small number of friends you may not have seen for a long time , capricorn . you 'll feel good about catching up and meeting exciting new people , too . interesting information could come your way . someone might be upset about something and want a shoulder to cry on . but this should be mostly a happy and gratifying day for you . enjoy . $ this is a great day to start new enterprises with others , capricorn . possible gatherings with friends or group activities could lead to ideas for new projects that fire your energy and enthusiasm . new immediate and long - term goals should be set . some people may not be interested and could drop out , but do not worry . others who share your interests will quickly step in to take their places . $ you could feel as if the battle has begun and you 're the target , capricorn . if you do not have a solid force behind you , this period could be difficult . emotionally , this may not be your best day . instead of feeling your feelings , you examine them in a methodical , rational manner . it may seem like you 're dealing with them when you 're really trying to talk yourself out of feeling them at all . $ do not discount your excellent resourcefulness , capricorn . if you have not got everything you need or all of the information required , take some time to think . who do you know ? what resources can you access ? who might know where you can find what you need ? rather than panic because the pieces are not all there yet , make a list of contacts and go for it . trust in yourself . $ today you may feel very creative and ambitious , capricorn . you might want to use this energy to work on an artistic project , or you may choose to channel it into such activities as organizing your home or workspace . if you plan for it , there should be plenty of time to do both if you have a mind to . make the most of the day . $ serious thinking and communication are enhanced today , capricorn . they 're already strong qualities in you , and with this added boost , you 'll need an outlet for expression . a journal is an excellent vehicle . talking is another . if you have issues or worries , consider getting together with all involved and airing your thoughts . it 's a perfect day to resolve problems . $ today , capricorn , your ability to stand up for your decisions and not let others sway you may be enhanced . this will be especially strong if you 've solved a problem . you may find that others often try to change your decisions , but not today . things are working in your favor and you 'll feel new strength as a result . follow your heart . $ use your creativity to make things happen today , capricorn . this do not have to take the form of a finished product . you can come up with new and innovative ways to approach a task , project , or problem . trust your ability to discover such things . you 're known for your sharp thinking and creative abilities . combining them can make you unstoppable when finding solutions to almost any problem . $ do not worry about being productive today , capricorn . you might still accomplish more than you have in a long time . the cosmic energy indicates that if you do not get everything done that you wanted to yesterday , you 're sure to do it today . dig in your heels and go . things will get done with time to spare . if you 're into a creative hobby , work on that , too . you 'll find it rewarding . $ you 'll find that your spark can easily turn potential energy into kinetic energy , capricorn . do not underestimate the power of your words . realize the profound impact they have on others and take responsibility for their consequences . try to use them sparingly if you can . speak half as much as you normally would , but make each sentence resonate twice as powerfully . $ emotionally , you may feel as if you 're running up against a brick wall , capricorn . it could be that your first reaction is to drown your sorrows in drink . escapism is only a temporary remedy . if things slam in your face today , use this as an indication that you need to take necessary action . do not keep bouncing around from one thing to the next in order to avoid the obvious . face the music . $ do not be surprised if your inbox fills with email or your phone rings off the hook , capricorn . friends , relatives , and colleagues could have great news and useful information . one or more of these messages could inspire you to send a few of your own or even pay some visits . most of what you learn should be positive and exciting , although some things may be confusing . $ a powerful desire for a current or potential romantic partner might come over you today , capricorn . this person could live far away or be on a trip , so you might have to be satisfied with a phone call or email instead of the meeting you 'd prefer . do not get frustrated . distract yourself with an exciting novel or movie and look forward to when you can get together . $ use the day 's boisterous energy to take charge and make things happen , capricorn . you 'll find that actions you take today resonate in the coming days . do not worry about the consequences . simply go for the gusto . strong forces are at work encouraging you to seek freedom in your creative endeavors and giving you more room to explore your inner sanctuary that you hold so dearly . $ this is a wonderful day for you , capricorn . you 'll find that you 're holding all the cards you need to be successful . today luck and prosperity meet with discipline to create a perfect situation for wealth . your preparation is finally paying off . you 'll find that the more in tune you can be with yourself , the better integrated you 'll be with the people around you . $ friendship could turn into romance if you are not careful , capricorn . a platonic relationship could turn passionate , and no one would be more surprised than you . think carefully about where you 'd like this to go . while it cannot go back to the way it was , you can stop it from progressing further if you 're uncomfortable with the new dynamic . you can only make this decision once . $ any work today could require a higher level of concentration than you can muster , capricorn . you might lapse into daydreams , think about personal matters , and feel guilty because you are not doing what you 're supposed to be doing . on days like this it 's best to focus on routine tasks you can do automatically . that way , your mind can wander . that 's the only way you 'll make it through today . $ you 're feeling pretty strong now , capricorn . you 're probably in fairly good health and your mind is sharp . you 've outgrown some areas of your life that no longer seem what they once were . one of these could be your work . you could be considering leaving a job you took primarily for the money and going into a profession you really love . do it if it works for you . $ you may be focused on a certain trajectory , capricorn , but today you could run into complications based on overlooked issues . be aware of the people around you and how your actions affect them . you do not necessarily need to change your direction , but you might need to make a couple modifications along the way in order to keep everyone happy . $ it is not exactly all lightness and harmony at home today , capricorn . there 's tension in the air and it manifests in silly family arguments . try to arrange separate activities for siblings , and encourage your partner to eat out with friends , if possible . this is a day to give everyone his or her space . tomorrow everyone will be happy to eat together again . $ people may see you as the personification of drama , especially this morning , capricorn . this is a good time to express your emotions and get things out of your system . be sure to release whatever pent - up emotion you have inside . by afternoon , it might be a good idea to settle down and lay low . turn your energy inward , come to your center , and plan what needs to get done . $ money is probably on your mind now , capricorn . a desire for increased financial security could force you to look for work or investments that would pay off big . opportunities for one or both of these are likely to come through friends , perhaps someone with whom you 've worked before . you 're likely to accomplish what you want for now , but it 's uncertain whether you 'll continue on this path in the future . $ a trip by air may be in your future , capricorn . you may be planning to tour distant states or foreign lands when that s possible . you could be going with friends or a group you 're associated with . unusual new interests could capture your attention , enticing you to further study . you might enroll in an online workshop . you 're looking toward expanding your horizons . take care not to spread yourself too thin . $ your mood may be a bit detached and scattered today , capricorn . this attitude could get you into trouble if you are not careful . make sure you keep at least one foot on the ground . it 's important to stay strongly connected with reality or you could find yourself up a creek without a paddle . feel free to get more deeply involved in a project that you might otherwise leave to others . $ you could be in a fanciful mood all day , capricorn , so you may not be too focused on this world . this is great for artistic or metaphysical studies , as well as being sensitive to others . beware of a tendency to daydream when you should pay attention ! you might want to break out of the mundane world and follow your dreams , but this is not the day to do it . it 's a good day to plan . $ some new information could come your way that causes you to focus on a new interest , capricorn . it 'll set your mind traveling to faraway places and times . you may also communicate with some new people who are highly educated , from foreign lands , or both . they might have fascinating stories to tell ! whatever happens , today promises to excite your curiosity and stimulate your intellect . $ weariness may have you feeling a bit listless today , capricorn , and you 're likely to want to stay home in bed rather than go anywhere . this goes against your normal inclination , so you could be tempted to bite the bullet and get out in spite of your malaise . do not fall into this trap . get some rest so that when you absolutely have to go out , you 'll be your old self again . $ issues regarding love and romance are at a climactic point right now , capricorn , and you could be rather combative . your energy in this area may come in waves , and you 're likely to be so charged up about the situation that you feel like a time bomb ready to explode . do not destroy something wonderful by wanting a great deal more than you really need . $ you 've probably had a busy week , capricorn , and may feel out of sorts today . perhaps you had too much good food last night , stayed up too late , or both . it goes against your grain to stay in and rest , but this is the perfect day to curl up with a good book . you 're going to want some exercise , but do not overdo it . as you well know , you can get too much of a good thing ! $ your world is changing , capricorn , both internally and externally . you feel a need to broaden your horizons . you may be contemplating a move to a new neighborhood or trip to a faraway land . the people in your life will change as a result of this . you 're about to embark on a new phase of life , and these new friends will act as able guides . $ online group activities that you attend today are likely to be spiritually oriented , such as group meditations . you could communicate with new friends from faraway places who share your interests . though you 're usually more intellectually inclined , today you should be feeling especially intuitive . write down your thoughts and ideas lest you forget them . you may want to use them later . $ stress and job frustration might have you thinking about breaking free , walking out the door , and going somewhere else . another thought is likely to concern going back to school and training for a career in another field . you might need a vacation , and returning to school could be a great idea in the future , but do not decide today . wait a few days at least . $ you could encounter a potential romantic partner today , capricorn . you 'll probably communicate with this person at a virtual group event and hit it off immediately . this person is likely to be bright , physically attractive , kindhearted , and sensitive . if you 're single and available , do not pass up this opportunity . take advantage of the chance to get to know each other . who knows where this might lead ? $ your fantasy world is piqued today , capricorn . your imagination is running wild . maintain a certain amount of control over your emotions or they may get the better of you . you could find yourself in a cloud of confusion by afternoon . avoid this by trying to ground yourself throughout the day . make sure your actions result from an equal balance between thought and emotion . $ does it feel like someone 's raining on your parade today , capricorn ? no surprise there . you may feel like you 're stuck in a bog , so wear your galoshes and give it your best shot . that 's all you can do . people may be extra touchy and impatient with ridiculous banter , even if it is polite . try not to make sense of things that seem confusing now . come back to them in a couple days . $ a meeting - virtual or otherwise - is likely to happen during the course of the working day , capricorn . this should lead to pleasant and interesting conversations , possibly involving philosophy , spiritual matters , or the arts . communication should be clear and open . correspondence could take up almost as much time as conversations right now . $ you might find yourself reeling from shock when an old friend suddenly seems to show romantic interest in you . conflicting emotions could come up , but do not write it off if you 're available . there could be potential for a good relationship with this person . do not feel that you have to either jump right in or forget the whole thing . you can test the waters for a while ! $ are you presently negotiating a contract , capricorn ? if you and the other party disagree on any points , these differences will most likely be resolved . you 'll probably come up with an idea that creates a win win situation so both of you feel good about it . this will strengthen your relationship considerably , so expect partnership matters to progress smoothly . enjoy your day . $ initiate a major change in your life , capricorn . break free of the humdrum and launch into something exciting . take part in an online class that expands your mind . consider yoga , tarot , or any form of martial arts . you have a tremendous amount of energy today . it will help you maintain confidence and endurance as you do the groundwork to put this new life - enhancing endeavor in motion . $ a passionate encounter with a love partner might cement the bond between you so thoroughly that you start talking about commitment or even a wedding . a romantic haze may permeate your interactions . still , exercise some restraint in expressing your feelings . hitting your friend with too much at once could have the opposite effect from the one you 're hoping for . be patient ! $ if you 've been having trouble reaching a romantic partner , capricorn , it might be a good idea to stop trying . your friend is having a rough day and might not make the best company . in fact , your beloved could view a call from you as an unwelcome interruption and be short , if not downright rude . if you speak with your friend , keep it brief and plan to get together - just not today . $ do not be surprised if money comes from an unlikely source . it could be a surprisingly good return on an investment or a bequest from a relative . pay attention to any dreams that seem to repeat . they may hold a lesson about understanding your life path . you may receive an unexpected visit from a dear friend you have not heard from in years . all in all , this is a great time . $ inspiration for writing , music , drawing , painting , or other creative activities could hover just out of reach today , capricorn . great ideas could pop into your head and out just as quickly . the only way to avoid the frustration of missing out on wonderful ideas is to write them down as soon as they come . making notes can also stimulate further inspiration . go for it ! $ have you been going crazy with all the demands placed on you ? do not despair . reflect on all that 's been going on . think about where you want to make changes . once you 've come to a decision , do not hesitate to implement it . this is easier than waiting for one big opportunity and doing it all at once . that chance may never come . the step - by - step approach can bring satisfying results . $ you may be ready for some major career changes , capricorn . you could be fed up with the stress and long hours of the corporate environment . surely in this age of technology there 's a way to spend more time at home without sacrificing the quality of your work . think about it for a few days . if you propose a feasible alternative to your boss , the positive response may surprise you . $ an unexpected opportunity to go on a long journey , perhaps business - related , could come to you soon , capricorn . a partner might be involved . your enthusiasm may be almost boundless but remember that your physical energy is not . if you choose to travel right now , make sure you take necessary precautions . otherwise , have fun ! $ today you may feel a passionate attraction for someone intelligent who perhaps makes a living in law , education , or publishing , capricorn . conversations with this person could touch on some deep issues , such as spiritual matters , the human psyche , or the nature of the universe . you should be deeply affected , not only by the person but also by the subjects . take a walk later to clear your head . $ generally , you 're a very sociable person , capricorn , and today you won t want to slow down . invitations to parties , from intimate coffee klatches to big neighborhood bashes , continue to come in , but you weigh the pros and cons of attending carefully now . saying no goes against your nature because you do not want to miss anything . but right now , you must pick the most important to you and leave the rest . $ you 've been so busy these past few weeks that you may have inadvertently neglected the special person in your life , capricorn . it 's been fun to be out and about together , but that has left little time for closeness and snuggling . try to rectify that today . in fact , a midafternoon nap might be called for . why not invite your honey to join you ? $ do not be surprised to see your co - workers acting a bit silly today , capricorn . there is no getting around the high spirits that permeate the work environment . it 's almost impossible to get anything done with today 's planetary atmosphere . rather than cracking the whip and trying to increase productivity , why not join in ? lighten up a little . $ are you involved in a creative project that involves modern technology , capricorn ? if so , progress could be made by leaps and bounds , starting today . a lucky break might set you off in a new direction that adds depth and dimension to your work . communication with colleagues should be warm , congenial , and supportive . there is a sense of unity that pervades the group and adds to the energy and enthusiasm . you will love the results of your efforts . $ one quick phone call to a friend may turn into a long discussion about the meaning of life , capricorn . be conscious of the fact that there 's a great deal of momentum building in your mind now . once the dam breaks , you may soon have a giant flood on your hands . be careful about releasing all this energy at once , even though you may not seem to have a choice . $ there may be a great tension between you and someone older today , capricorn . perhaps there 's someone who 's adopting a sort of parent knows best personality that 's starting to annoy you . take a breather . realize that this person is not being critical or judgmental but just giving you advice . you should open your eyes and understand that this advice could be very useful . $ the amazing thing about your nature is that , like a good politician , you have just the right tone of voice and catch phrase for every situation . you can put on your smile and charm and talk your way out of just about any pickle you get into . embrace this incredible gift , but make sure that your overall goals are noble as opposed to self - serving or vengeful . $ a co - worker might be away , and this could increase the amount of work that you have to do , causing strain and upset , especially if you are not familiar with the work . do not try to do it all at once . a distant family member you have not heard from for a while could phone out of the blue , and you could spend a happy half hour catching up . $ your fantasies could come true now , especially when it comes to relationships , capricorn . this could be the moment you 've always dreamed about , so get ready . the attractive , romantic person in the corner has been keeping an eye on you all night . your blood is pumping faster than ever . remind yourself that all dreams can come true on a day such as today . $ consider taking a more conservative approach to your actions today , capricorn , as well as to the way you dress . others may be rather put off by something that comes across as too flashy . fashion is apt to be a significant concern for you now , which is fine . do not underestimate the power of personal appearance . $ feel free to go shopping online for yourself , capricorn . while you 're at it , you might as well pick out some things for others , too . you 're apt to be in tune with the pleasant spirit of the people around you . on the other hand , if they 're being especially negative or cranky , do not hesitate to just go elsewhere . unfortunately , that may be easier said than done . $ be careful about being too boisterous and chipper around people who do not exactly feel the same way , capricorn . be sensitive to other people 's feelings , and do not make jokes that are too harsh for the occasion . no one appreciates a wise guy . there 's a somber mood to the day that 's likely to form a dark cloud by late afternoon . do your best to be the ray of sunshine and not the bolt of lightning . $ an unexpected and perhaps not altogether welcome call could come your way today , capricorn . it could come from someone you do not particularly care for or someone who has some disconcerting news to report . whichever it is , you will probably just have to deal with it . however , you may feel about the caller or what he or she has to report , you will probably consider it important to have the conversation . $ your mind is usually quick , agile , and hungry for information , capricorn . today it 's likely to be even more so than usual . your curiosity is high , and you could go to unusual lengths to satisfy it . you might also feel particularly energetic and want to get in a good workout . this is a good idea . exercise can clear your head and give you a better perspective on new ideas and information . $ someone you care about but have not seen for a long time could suddenly contact you . you 'd usually love this , capricorn , but today you could be too caught up in projects of your own to want to put them aside . but you will have a lot of fun with this person , and you might even interest him or her in your project . after finishing your work , get some delicious takeout . $ you probably think of yourself as a curious intellectual , capricorn , but a recent expansion in career and finance has brought out talents for business and money that you do not know you had . this has been a time not only of success and good fortune but also of learning more about yourself . do not fall back on old fears or underestimate yourself . you 're capable of accomplishing more than you know . $ today , more than ever , you will yearn to escape the daily routine , capricorn . you thirst for new sights and sounds , new faces and new places , but you know you must juggle your desires with professional and domestic obligations . it is not always easy . trust your imagination to find a way to settle this conflict . $ good news about money could create some excitement in your household today , capricorn . one of your goals might be to invest some of the funds in fixing up your living situation . you might even consider moving or purchasing a new home . you may kick around a lot of ideas about how to spend the windfall , but do not go too crazy . hold on to some of that money as a nest egg . $ this is a terrific day for you , capricorn , and you will find that the fast pace of the day suits you well for what you need to get done . there 's a general feeling of grandeur in the air that reminds you to take your time when getting dressed . feel free to go all out today . put on a lavish display wherever you go . $ be careful about being manipulated by another person today , capricorn . it 's possible that someone is putting words in your mouth in order to get you to act a certain way . do not fall into this trap . be your own person and think for yourself . your mind is susceptible and vulnerable now . use your eyes and ears as a filter and do not let people unload their garbage on you . $ your unique ability to communicate with many different groups and personalities will be extremely important today to maintaining a bridge between warring camps , capricorn . keep things moving and try not to let the situation stagnate on any one issue . if the conversation turns to raging and ranting , it 's in your best interests to stop it right away . do not be afraid to step up and take a leadership role . $ discipline and a solid plan are your friends today , capricorn . slow your approach and consider the consequences of your actions . this is the time to concentrate on what you need to get done and devise a plan to make it happen . there is restlessness in the air that might cause you to act hastily . do not forget the old saying that says haste makes waste . this is an important lesson . $ by being around negative and flip people , you might inadvertently pick up these habits . be careful about your associates , capricorn , because you will find that others judge you according to the company you keep , especially if you start talking like them . make sure to maintain a respectful attitude and proper manners no matter who your company is . $ this is a terrific day for you , capricorn , and you will glow brightly from head to toe as you radiate your true inner self to the world . you will find profound joy in the simplest , most ordinary circumstances . if you run out of things to say , feel free to whistle a tune . this is not likely to happen today , since you will overflow with things to talk about . $ although your financial situation appears to be on the upswing , you still might be feeling pessimistic and indifferent about money and life in general . you might want to soothe your discontent by overspending , overindulging in food or drink , or both . do not let this feeling get the better of you , capricorn . get together with some friends , if possible , and have a good time . treat yourself to a little something without going over the top ! $ a career goal you 've been hoping to reach may seem uncertain now , capricorn . you could be wondering if your work has gone for naught . do not think this way . there 's a lot going on behind the scenes that you are not aware of yet . when you hear about these developments , you will know that you 're still in the running . do not waste your whole day thinking about work . try to relax . tomorrow it may all come together . $ a sudden and unexpected opportunity to take a journey by air could come your way today , capricorn . this might be something you 've wanted for a long time finally manifesting . certainly , adventure is in the air , although it might be mental adventure as much as physical . some information could come your way that catapults you into a new and exciting field of interest . this promises to be a thoroughly stimulating day . $ if you 've been planning a long trip by air , capricorn , today you might doubt whether you should continue with your plans . money or safety might be the issues . be aware that your fears may run away with you . the situation may be more secure than it appears . you might want to attend an online class or lecture , perhaps on computer science or some other technology . as with the vacation plans , try to view this objectively . $ upsetting news that you receive from far away , perhaps by phone or email , could send you into an emotional tailspin . there 's an aura of uncertainty about what you hear - it may not make sense . before you pass along the news or panic , capricorn , make sure you know all the facts . you 're likely to find that it 's been blown all out of proportion . in view of this , you deserve a fun evening . $ past impressions that you may not even know you have could enhance your ability to deal with practical matters today , capricorn . you might need to handle some paperwork regarding a settlement of some kind . the thoughts and feelings of those closest to you are more apparent than usual . you may tailor your behavior toward them accordingly . spend a quiet evening with your loved ones . you will not even need to talk . $ emotions stemming from past experiences might cause you to assume undue responsibilities , particularly concerning family members . this is fine as long as you realize what you 're doing is as much for you as for the other person . whatever tasks you assume may allow you to release old traumas and give form to your plans and ambitions . and do not be surprised if those you help today go to bat for you later . $ decisions regarding investments , savings , or other financial matters might need attention today , capricorn . do not panic . you 're in the right frame of mind for this . your business sense is at an all - time high , as is your ability to focus on the task at hand . intuition plays a strong role . even if you do not feel like it , it 's important to get this done . tomorrow you might not be quite as focused as you are today . $ emotions may cloud your thoughts as things start to heat up in a heavy way , capricorn . in an effort to keep things light and energetic , you may be missing the core of the situation . do not glance too quickly over all the issues . the answer to the riddle is right there in front of you . stop for a minute to catch your breath and you will find the solutions that you seek . $ there 's a terrific expansive feeling to the day , capricorn , which you will appreciate more than anyone . for other people , this energy might expand into a headache . for you , it 's apt to expand your feeling of success . it also might expand your stomach , so be careful that you do not overindulge . other than that , do not hold back on your activities . whatever you do will be very productive . $ at the end of the day , you 're the one who has to look in the mirror and know who you are , capricorn . think about this the next time you 're tempted to make a rude comment or spread a displeasing fact about someone else . one side of you may be able to rationalize behavior that the other side simply despises . today look at both of sides of yourself , not just the one that pleases you . $ gossip and bad feelings among co - workers or in a group could occur today , and there might be some political shenanigans that it would be in your best interests to avoid . this is not a good day to go to lunch with co - workers . get away by yourself . do not believe anything you hear . chances are it is not true . keep to yourself and do not offer any opinions , capricorn . to do so might be unfortunate . $ it 's very possible that you will want to take a step back today in order to take a closer look at your relationships . your address book is full of names . your phone rings off the hook . you receive tons of texts and emails every day . yet is not it funny that you feel alone ? it 's time to get rid of the superficial relationships and concentrate on those that really mean something to you . $ for you , capricorn , the changing planetary configuration portends a period of timidity . you will probably go out less , introduce yourself to fewer new people , and be less prone to show off . but any relationships you form will be much more intense than usual . the weeks ahead are quite promising , although you may have to readjust some of your attitudes . $ it looks as though you 're about to hop on the bandwagon , capricorn . friends will try to get you to support one of their causes . think carefully . they are not going to settle for a check . they want your hands - on support . while you might be intimidated by addressing a crowd , you always did want to use a megaphone . volunteer for a night and see how it goes . you may enjoy it . $ your ego may be under some stress today , capricorn . the tricky part is that the threat you feel is probably a result of something that is not even completely real . it could be that someone is acting on false information that has no bearing on the reality of the situation . you might be swept away by someone else 's false impression of who you really are . $ the mood may be oppressive today , capricorn . after meeting the challenges of the past several days , you 're now in need of some well - deserved peace and quiet ! alas , the authorities are unwilling to give it to you . you can expect to be unceremoniously deposited at your desk . work , it seems , will not wait until you 've had a nap . why not plan an exotic vacation for some point in the future ? $ you will have to expect a few disturbances in the harmony that has reigned over the past few days , capricorn . for example , your needs may not match those of your mate or close friends , or you may feel restless . minor worries about the future may intrude on people 's good moods . in short , this will not be a good day to look to emotional harmony as a source of satisfaction . $ do you feel as though your self - expression is being stifled , capricorn ? perhaps you need more time to choose a direction in life . today , you can expect to feel a lot of pressure from someone close to you . you will feel forced to satisfy this person 's demands . annoying as this may be , you can take comfort in the knowledge that he or she has your best interests at heart . $ the last few weeks have been a little too serious for your tastes , but this is good for you every once in a while , capricorn . you may tend to want to play , which sometimes keeps you from getting your work done . take today to try and get your daily life organized so you can have time to take care of your responsibilities and have a little fun . $ your sensitive , sensual side is being drawn out , capricorn . you may feel like your romantic side is on display . you 're like a dancer onstage , and you accept this role with pleasure ! there 's a great combination of energies at work letting you become more realistic about love and approach it with dramatic flair and courage . be more expressive when it comes to your needs and desires . $ you have a very dynamic day ahead of you , capricorn . you may feel the need to put all your energy into a group project . you will want to roll up your sleeves and get to work . you 're usually a meditative , pensive person , but today you 're looking for concrete results and actions . who knows ? this hard work might even help you relax a little . $ some fascinating conversations with friends , relatives , and others close to you could take place today , bringing new ideas your way , capricorn . you have both the physical energy and the inner power to make things happen , so you should make the most of it . carefully consider your needs and aspirations and formulate a plan of action to make them a reality . the results might surprise you ! $ today you might toy with the idea of publishing , exhibiting , or otherwise making public whatever creative innovations you 've been working on , capricorn . spiritual information could come your way from afar , perhaps through friends or a group with which you 're affiliated . inspiration of all kinds could pop in and out of your head , so it might be best to write down your thoughts . $ expect a boost in popularity today , capricorn . one way to put this to good use is to bring about change . perhaps you and your co - workers feel that the workplace needs a new program , such as benefits . you 'd be a good one to present this to the decision makers . even if it 's been done before , use your popularity to start a petition or find creative ways to make a group more effective . $ a little romantic time with your special someone may be in order today , capricorn . with the day - to - day chaos of working and living , it can be tough to get some quality time alone . if you do not make specific plans , it can be months before this happens . take the situation in hand and make those plans . if you 're single , consider making arrangements for a date or spending time with a friend , if possible . $ your brain is buzzing in high gear , capricorn . anyone else would get dizzy trying to process even a fraction of the things that filter through your head in one day . the key for you is to not speak every single thought aloud but to keep your processing internal . people want to hear your final decision , not the process you went through to reach it . you will save everyone a lot of time if you do . $ perhaps you should suspend your inhibitions for the day , capricorn , and let your dreams guide you . for instance , you might imagine that the need to make any choices has vanished . or you might grant yourself a vacation from daily chores . it would certainly be a relief . who knows ? you might conjure up some reality from the stuff of your dreams . $ people are going to think you 're a star today , capricorn ! although you may not feel that way about yourself . what 's gotten into you lately ? have you lost confidence in yourself ? are you now compensating for it ? do you feel a need for more success in your life ? all this is possible , but you will have to take some risks if you 're going to progress . $ some people say that you miss out on life because of your tendency to observe your life rather than experience life directly . if that 's the case , then today will be a real departure for you . you will suddenly seem more in contact with your sentiments and be more present and connected to those around you . it feels good for a change , do not it ? $ the possibility of taking a trip by air could present itself today . the trip might be made with friends or a small group , if possible . if you 've been working on projects connected with education or publishing , this is the day to move them forward . books , tv , and the internet could bring interesting , valuable information your way . this promises to be a busy , stimulating day . $ are you feeling somewhat annoyed today ? this is hardly surprising since the day inspires you to take a long , hard look at what 's happening with your life . it 's as though you suddenly realize that decisions you make may have impacts that reach far and wide . but do not let that stop you from committing yourself to a course of action , capricorn . be adventurous ! $ things may happen right under your nose today , capricorn , and you may not even be aware of it . the thing that will be obvious is your reaction to the situation when this hidden event suddenly comes to light . a passionate explosion is likely , due to people 's heightened emotional state . try to work with this energy instead of against it . $ worries about relatives or friends could plague you throughout the day , capricorn . perhaps you are not sure what 's wrong and so you feel helpless . whatever vague worries you may have , do not try to figure out the truth without knowing the facts . you could make mountains out of molehills . this is not a good day to run errands . delays and obstacles could cause a lot of frustration and wasted time . $ you 'll want to jump into action today , capricorn . feel free to order others around for a change and delegate . an aggressive approach is exactly what 's called for , and you have the ability to deliver the goods . trying to do everything yourself may seem like a great idea at first , but you 're better off enlisting help so others can feel involved and you can concentrate on doing a better job on fewer tasks . $ there 's no point in trying to make sense of today , capricorn . much of what happens occurs on an unconscious level and defies any rational explanation . you may have had a dream last night worthy of professional interpretation . if you can bear turning off your intellect , this could be a very profitable day for you . $ expect to be in a provocative mood today , capricorn . for the past few days , you may have been searching for an outlet for the overflowing energy you 're so lucky to have . you will have an opportunity today , as innovative projects are likely to come your way . if you face your demons , you will find a unique opportunity to rid yourself of the fears you 've been carrying around for so long . $ things are going to get better and better for you as the day progresses , capricorn . try to get your grounded , practical , and logical self collected during the day so you have the evening to socialize and commune with close friends , if possible . balance is going to be a key issue for you today , so make sure you keep things in check before any one part of your life gets out of hand . $ today is a good day for you to follow through , capricorn . normally you 're much better at tagging along or simply going with the flow of the situation . this way of doing things has proven quite effective for you in the past . indeed , it has gotten you far . what you have now is a different situation . the things you 've started will do you no good until you complete them . $ today more than ever you will yearn to escape from the daily routine . you 're thirsty for new sights and sounds , new faces and places . however , you 're well aware that you must juggle your desires with your professional or domestic obligations . it is not always easy , but you should trust your imagination to suggest a way to amicably settle this conflict . $ today your biorhythms may be a little low , capricorn , so you are not likely to be feeling very sociable . you 're more likely to want to bury your nose in your projects instead of being your usual outgoing self . this is ok but take care that you are not so reclusive that you miss receiving some sincere compliments . that can make a big difference in the way you feel ! $ things regarding love and romance may be climactic for you now , capricorn , and you may bump heads with someone in a way that makes it difficult for either one of you to be content . more than likely there 's an issue of freedom versus control that 's making it difficult to find a resolution . perhaps you need to give a certain issue a break and come back to it later . $ the expansive feeling you might be experiencing is apt to be squelched today as you get the feeling that you 've lost touch with reality . make sure you connect with real life , capricorn , and do a bit of planning to balance your whimsical nature . things that you have not accounted for might crop up and hit you , serving as a reminder that you need to deal with the here and now . $ you might find your emotions a bit dampened today , capricorn , but this may not be a bad thing . try not to blow things out of proportion so much . do not feel that you need to turn every small story into a major headline . there 's no need to exaggerate the truth just to get more attention . take a more reserved approach to your actions and reactions to all situations . $ this is one of those days in which it 's easier to be yourself , capricorn . do not feel like you need to change your personality to fit a situation . you naturally add an important dynamic to the group . your detached , unbiased , and knowledgeable view of the situation will be an important asset to today 's events . people would do well to listen to you , so be bold when expressing yourself . $ do other countries represent real openings for you ? this is a question that you will soon have to answer . this may be true , but it may also be an illusion that gives you a simplistic explanation for the dissatisfaction you feel now in your professional life . think about it because some important decisions you 're about to make depend on it . you are not the only one to consider , either . $ something 's gotten into you today , capricorn . an iconoclastic imp inside you is determined to tear down every convention , especially in the art world . why are you so furious with orthodoxy ? did you dream that an imitator stole one of your ideas and made a fortune with it ? if you were an art critic , we would expect you to sing the praises of the vanguard . $ if you 've been thinking about executing legal papers of any kind , capricorn , this is not the day to do it . any contract entered into today is likely to have confusing clauses and obscure language that you may not understand and that potentially could be used against you . this also is not the day to start or even plan a journey of any kind . however , it 's a great day for reading or meditation . $ a journey by air to a distant place might be on your mind , though you might not make it for a long time . knowledge is important to you , and you can be insatiably curious . this is likely to be one of those days , capricorn . a friend or lover could bring some new information that sparks your curiosity , perhaps something related to astrology or the occult . you will want to pursue it . $ unforeseen problems with travel plans could come up today , capricorn . there could be changes or delays in airline schedules , car breakdowns , or bad traffic . it might be a good idea to avoid travel of any sort if you can . it might stress you so much it would take you all day to calm down ! this is a great day to stay in and read , especially about scientific or metaphysical subjects . $ your heart and emotions are on the same page , capricorn , but they may not be on the page you want them to be . it could be that you 're reminiscing about an event from the past . what was once a happy set of encounters now leaves you feeling like there are thorns in your side . focus on the present and let the past become history . $ use gadgets and electronic devices to make life easier today , capricorn . why take the time to chop food by hand when you can use the food processor ? realize that there is most likely an easier way to tackle any task . if something seems too hard , ask for advice how to do the job more quickly and efficiently . information exchange will play a big role in your day . $ the prevailing tone today is a mix of conflicting energies that might put some stress on your heart . it 's nothing you cannot handle , capricorn . in fact , if anyone can make the most out of today , you can . tap into your aggressiveness and act boldly toward the object of your desire . make sure there is harmony among those around you and everyone 's needs are taken care of . $ express yourself to the fullest today , capricorn . feel free to take an unconventional approach when it comes to dealing with your emotions . try not to let others cajole you into thinking you need to fit into an artificial construct of what you need to be and what you need to think . all you need to do is think for yourself . fight the established norms and be your own person . $ you should be on cloud nine today , capricorn . as evening sets in , however , things might get a little too heavy for your comfort . people will have had enough of your gossip by then , so give it a rest . kick back and plan for the next few days . you might also want to take a more serious approach to your romantic commitments by confirming your feelings about your partner now . $ you may have a hard time getting started today , capricorn . this might be a better time to plan . be realistic and thoughtful in your actions . be conscious of the steps you need to take to reach a certain goal . when in doubt , take the more conservative route . you will find that there is a great deal of support for that path . do not get distracted along the way . stay on target . $ act with courage today , capricorn . dress as if you were going to meet an important statesman . see yourself in the mirror and be proud to say you look good . act with confidence and feel free to strut your stuff . be up - front with your accomplishments , and let people know you 're strong and trustworthy . make sure you give many compliments , credit , and thanks to the people around you . $ capricorn , you may have been a little difficult to be around lately . you like to treat yourself to a little moodiness from time to time , but the people around you might appreciate a little cooperation . there are days when you do not want to grow up , when it 's time to play . do you get enough time to play ? think about it . $ you 're highly sensitive and highly intellectual , capricorn . this is a wonderful combination and part of what makes you a superstar . today 's planetary positions challenge you to think how you can best combine these two key components of your personality . have you considered writing ? it might provide the sort of balance you seek . start writing and see if it suits you . $ the atmosphere may seem a bit oppressive today , capricorn . you like to be free to do what you want to do , and it may bother you that the people around you do not make themselves available to you . they seem preoccupied by their own business . this could bring out some old wounds that have not completely healed . $ you might second - guess yourself today , capricorn . voices in your head are louder than usual , and you could be the one putting the brakes on your own train . your intuition is trying to break through . see what you can do to slow down the chatter that continues to dictate the narrative throughout the day . do more feeling instead of thinking . give your mind a rest . $ you may feel a bit confused today . it might seem as if the wind has suddenly been taken out of your sails . do not get discouraged by the slow weightiness of the day . take the opportunity to relax and recharge your batteries . do a bit of inward reflection as opposed to outer - directed movement . the most valuable lesson to learn is patience . remind yourself of this throughout the day . $ you 're on top of the world today , capricorn . enjoy the view ! you 're unstoppable . friends and family alike revel in your good mood . you 're materially and spiritually generous , and by day 's end people could be lined up to partake of the bounty . try to curb your enthusiasm and use some discretion . it would be better to give more to a worthy few than give less to many . $ capricorn , you 're bound to enjoy this day ! it 's full of possibilities and opportunities . it may begin routinely , but keep your eyes and ears open for hints of change . your new adventure may come about in a mundane way . you might meet someone in line at the store who becomes a business partner . or maybe you will meet a romantic interest at the atm . adventure is all around . trust that you will find it ! $ there 's a very heavy atmosphere around you that might feel stifling , capricorn . situations are cropping up that urge you to think practically with regard to your emotions . you will find that things go much more smoothly if you slow down and think about a situation before you proceed . make sure you consider all the choices and what their effects will be on other people . $ slow down a bit today and do some planning . there 's a steady , grounded mood that will help bring your thoughts and actions down to earth . the wind may not be filling your sails as much as you 'd like , but you can use this to your advantage . the underlying reservation in people 's attitudes and opinions will aid you quite a bit . eliminate the fluff and concentrate on what 's real . $ capricorn , your lighthearted attitude has given you a reputation as an eternal teenager . but levity is also a sign of a very wise person , a person who knows how to laugh at their wisdom . whether you realize it or not , you can get involved in a serious relationship without losing your lightheartedness . if you 're already in a committed relationship , you know how true this is . $ are you going to be available to other people today ? someone in your entourage may need to confide in you . if the superficiality of the exchange bothers you , you will understand what the atmosphere of today is all about ! yes , you 're available , but not for just anything . you 're in no mood to waste time at the moment . $ today is an inspirational day for you , fast thinking capricorn . let those visions come to you , process them , and try to verbalize them . a lot of information and electricity is in the air , and you should have no problem picking up on it . open up your channels for the best reception . have a notepad handy to jot down all your insights . $ what ails you now can be eliminated if you 're willing to stand up and say exactly what needs to be said , capricorn . going with the flow may be an easy route to follow , but it might not always take you down a path that leads to the fulfillment of your dreams . be a bit more aggressive about your position today and outwardly project yourself as the true master of your destiny . $ you may feel a great deal of nervous energy today , capricorn . tension could come to you from all angles . indecisiveness might be your biggest problem . you may be in a frenzy trying to figure out where to move next . the key is to slow down and relax . do not make a move without evaluating things . be careful about acting too hastily , especially when it comes to matters of the heart . $ this is a terrific day for you , capricorn . you should find that the puzzle pieces naturally come together almost effortlessly . important connections can be made today as long as you keep all the lines of communication open . information exchange is a key part of bringing people and ideas together in a constructive manner . a burst of inspiration can lead to a rewarding journey through time and space . $ your heart is going pitter - pat , capricorn , and you 're tempted to escape into a romantic fantasyland in which you play the starring role . the bad news is that something may be trying to hold you back today . it could be that your conscience is coming on the scene to remind you that work needs to be done before you can go off into your own little fairytale world . $ the heaviness of the day weighs on you , capricorn . take your time with projects and carefully evaluate all the facts before making a decision . people can be deceptive , so be careful in all your dealings . you may be going through a period in which you care less about material possessions and concern yourself with spiritual things . this is a great time to delve into the occult . $ try to stay disciplined and focused today , capricorn . this may be easier said than done , but it 's crucial for preserving your sanity . there 's a restrictive , weighty air to the day that may put a damper on your jovial nature . instead of getting down on yourself , use this energy to your advantage and make order out of the chaos in your life . eat a healthy meal and share your thoughts with others . $ the early part of the day might find you sluggish and indecisive , capricorn , but later you should be psyched up and ready to go . today marks the beginning of a new period in which you should set your ideas in motion . action is the key . think before you speak and use caution when talking about other people . make sure your discussions about others do not turn into gossip . $ you feel especially sexy right now . a powerful feeling of love and a need to physically express it could be with you all day . if you 're involved , you want to spend a romantic evening with your lover . if you are not , you could channel the energy into creative activities . romantic novels and movies are poor substitutes for the real thing , capricorn , but if they 're all that 's available , go for it . $ spiritual concerns and fanciful daydreams move into sharp focus today , capricorn . perhaps you 're pulled by playful emotions and escapism . keep one foot on the ground while you send your mind into the clouds , but definitely take time to check the air up there and report your findings to your conscious self . you may feel a greater sensitivity toward others now while your intuition is strong . $ today you might have insights as to how to advance your career . these could come your way through dreams , sudden revelations , or perhaps visions . do not hesitate to put them into action simply because of the unorthodox way they come to you , capricorn . some of the most progressive and successful ideas have come because the inventor had a vivid dream . write down your insights and go for it . $ new scientific or archaeological discoveries could temporarily shake your faith in your spiritual path , capricorn . you may suddenly doubt something you 've always accepted . this could propel you to study , primarily to reaffirm your faith . you 're likely to find that your discoveries do not invalidate your ideas , but actually confirm them . write down your ideas so you can put things in proper perspective . $ you 're a logical person , capricorn . when insights come to you through esp , you tend to doubt their validity . do not do this . if a feeling is particularly strong , go with it . do not write it off because it seems illogical . life is not always predictable . if you give yourself permission , you can trust your intuition about nearly anything . $ you might feel on edge today but not know why . you may jump at unexpected noises or think you see or hear things that are not there . you are not going crazy . this is caused by the current planetary configuration . the best way to relieve the jumpiness is to get some exercise - at least take a walk . in the evening , read an engrossing book . $ this should be a stimulating day , capricorn . the possibility of a journey might arise unexpectedly . this could be exciting as some close friends or a romantic partner might accompany you . a new turn in your intellectual or spiritual interests could have your mind going a thousand miles an hour . you will want to learn more about it . the internet could have useful information . make the most of it . $ artistic or spiritual inspiration could come your way today , capricorn , although it might be muddled and you could be perplexed about how to deal with it . do not try to force the issue . write down your ideas and return to them later . someone close might feel unwell , and you may want to spend some time with him or her . this might take some effort , but it will not go unappreciated . $ intuition plays a large part in your work , capricorn . you 're apt to sense what others want or need and foresee the consequences of one course of action over another . this is definitely going to make a positive difference in what you accomplish . you 're likely to be quite pleased with what you do . exercise this intuition today so it will stay with you in the future . $ intellectual and spiritual discussions should bring you even closer to people dear to you , capricorn . relations with a romantic partner should be especially warm and intimate today . you 're in a philosophical frame of mind , so you might want to attend a lecture . expect new insights to come your way . books , magazine articles , and websites could also prove enlightening . $ so many ideas are flooding your mind today that you might have trouble sorting them out if you do not write them down , capricorn . they could involve travel , education , group activities , writing , and publishing . you might want to discuss them with friends or members of a group to which you belong . your mind is in the clouds , so practical matters could seem tedious . $ memories of past events that caused traumas that you 're still dealing with could come to light today . this is a positive development , as the release of these old emotions could make it possible for you to progress more quickly on material and spiritual planes . you may feel lighter , and you could experience a rush of joy . in the evening , go dancing and work off some of this energy . $ some great news could change your life forever . it might involve a new partnership of some kind or opportunities in your community . at the least , capricorn , it could involve changes in your outlook and attitudes about life . you could spend a lot of time on the phone with friends and acquaintances . you will probably want to schedule a romantic evening with your partner . $ today is a great day for you . you should enjoy a great deal of playful conversation , capricorn . fantasy is likely to play a big role in events , and you may daydream as you walk down the street . do not bother with reality if you do not have to . you 're much better off keeping the tone light and playful . enjoy your fantasy world and feel free to invite others into it . $ the health of a friend or family member who lives far away may be a bit worrying today , capricorn . a lack of contact with this person do not help matters . you 're usually the type to phone at the drop of a hat , but today you 're less inclined to do this . you should not make yourself crazy . if there 's someone else you can ask , do so . otherwise , take the initiative and call . $ if you 've been thinking about studying astrology , numerology , or other occult sciences , capricorn , this is the day to start . there may be a school or teacher that you 've been considering . by doing this , you could open doors to new knowledge , meet new friends who share your interests , and steer your life in a fascinating new direction . pick up the phone and take the first step . $ you 're never at a loss for an opinion , capricorn , and today is no exception . the energy of the day is such that you 're happier listening to conversations than participating in them . you cannot help but smile at the misinformation that gets bandied about . since no one has bothered to ask for your opinion , you are not about to offer it today . tomorrow is another matter entirely . $ creativity and romance are a good combination , capricorn , and today both are in top form . why not get out the good stationery and craft a love note that will set that special someone 's heart aflutter ? cater to your romantic nature , ideally with a partner at your side . even if you 're alone , a bubble bath will do wonders for your soul . $ have you been lethargic lately ? if so , today is your wakeup call . you will be alert and clear about the task at hand . you understand that your help is urgently needed , and that there 's no time to waste . you can expect to pour a great deal of energy into a single , well - defined goal today . if you usually wander from project to project , this will be a change for you , capricorn . $ relations with partners of all kinds - business , romantic , creative - might be somewhat strained today , capricorn . you and the other parties involved may have been under a lot of stress , and you could be snapping at each other . it might be a good idea to keep contact between you to a minimum . if you cannot , try to be cordial and cooperative even if you do not feel like it . $ today might be one of the most fortunate days of your life , capricorn . everything you 've been striving for - romance , money , creative fulfillment - could fall into place at various times today . expect exciting calls bringing good news . a lover could offer congratulations . the only downside is that all the stimulation could leave you exhausted . never mind . you will sleep well ! $ an unexpected problem with a task you 're trying to finish could cause a temporary upset between you and those closest to you , capricorn . this might have your family stomping out of the house in anger . remember that everybody has their own concerns , and probably would not have reacted this way otherwise . finish what you have to do and patch things up later . all should be well . $ a rush of intense love and romantic passion for a special someone might turn your mind toward marriage , capricorn . the wedding of a friend may contribute to these thoughts . your partner may still have doubts about moving to the next level of commitment , even though there 's no question that he or she truly loves you . be patient and hold your tongue . you will know when the time is right . $ all the success and good fortune you 've enjoyed over the past several months may have freed you from the grind enough to concentrate on spiritual or artistic interests . there may be a few surprises in store for you , capricorn . you may meet some new people who share your interests . what you learn from them could improve your progress . you might embark on a new course of study . $ a social event could bring you into contact with some interesting people in fascinating fields , capricorn , some from distant places . discussions could turn you on to one or more new interests , which you will probably want to pursue later . you might receive an invitation to visit an exotic place . if you 're single , you could meet a potential lover . this will be an evening to remember . $ a temporary separation from a love partner might have you in a very gloomy mood , capricorn . attempts to reach your friend by phone might prove fruitless . you might grow more and more frustrated and angry . there is not much you can do other than leave messages . do not let your insecurity get the best of you . find something else to do until your friend has a chance to call . better late than never . $ you may have let household tasks and chores go for a few days , capricorn , so today you might decide to get them all done at once . you have the energy and the stamina to do it . however , take care not to get too caught up in little details that only you tend to notice . this can keep you from getting the most important chores done . $ in case you 're surrounded by a lot of people today , you can look forward to a very harmonious day , capricorn . your sensitivity is higher than usual , so you will be better able to understand others and be understood as well . as a result , you add another bond to your relationships , which will create happiness and joy in your heart . $ social events or group activities could prove more stimulating than usual , capricorn . discussions of every subject imaginable could take place around you , and you might have trouble deciding which ones you want to join . your mind may be going the speed of light by the time the gathering ends . walk home if time and weather permit . that should clear your head enough to let you sleep well . $ do not try to sign up for a class over the phone or online today , capricorn , as it probably will not work . this also is not a good day to travel - delays are likely whether you fly or drive . if you 've been planning a trip , do not finalize the arrangements now . wait a few days , as computers and other equipment used in such arrangements are likely to malfunction , and you could end up frustrated . $ you may wonder why increased intuition has seemed to replace your usual logical self . an unexpected intellectual , spiritual , or metaphysical insight might come to you from another realm . it may seem so profound that you wonder if it really came from you . write it down in detail . whatever you come up with is going to keep you in the clouds all day , capricorn . do not trip or bump into anyone ! $ the promise of possible financial advancement could cause you to plunge into a lot of paperwork today . this could be related to a job , capricorn , or it might involve a personal project that you 've been working on . you might get so caught up in what you 're doing that you lose your ability to focus and get too frazzled to finish . remember to pace yourself and take breaks when you feel the need . $ what would happen if you decided to take care of yourself today , capricorn ? this is what the planets are trying to tell you . you need to relax , to let yourself be taken care of , and close your eyes and dream . leave the daily tasks behind . you need peace and quiet . lie down and release all your worries . you do not need to act and you do not need to react . just relax . $ it scares you when life seems like it 's slipping through your fingers and you cannot slow it down . but it is not life that 's playing tricks on you . you are not seeing things as clearly as you should be . you feel a little left out , but do not worry . you 're just out of energy . try and think of this empty feeling inside as a kind of purification or a much - needed break from everything . $ after a recent financial problem , you 've decided to take the bull by the horns and do what you need to do . you 're used to being in control of a situation , and small financial worries are not going to get you down . after all , money is not everything . on top of your ability to react to a problem , your originality and self - sacrificing attitude will help you deal with this situation . $ to those around you , you might appear to be your usual logical , rational self , capricorn . actually , you may be drawing a lot of your ideas and insights from deep within your psyche . you 're probably drawing on experiences from your past , even if you are not consciously aware of it . even though the source is unorthodox , whatever you come up with is likely to have a lot of practical value . $ a call from a romantic partner could lead to an intimate get - together , capricorn . it 's likely to be highly gratifying emotionally and bring you closer together . passionate poetry and sexy novels could especially appeal to you right now . if you 're into writing , you could channel your rush of sensuality into producing results that are so well thought out that they surprise even you . get started ! $ your internal computer just got upgraded today and your head is buzzing with all kinds of new information , capricorn . the good news is that you should be able to process all these bytes at lightning speed . act swiftly and with great confidence . you can do anything . you could even talk your way into the white house for dinner . $ it would be a good idea to socialize with others today in a comfortable , open setting . say what you feel instead of just concentrating on what you think , capricorn . be just as good a listener as you expect others to be for you . join a writing circle or take a painting class . your creativity is looking for an outlet today , so you might as well share this gift among friends . $ some unsettling news from far away could have you stressed out , capricorn . this might affect your work if you are not careful . your mind may stray back and forth from work to the news and its implications . stay focused . all signs are that whatever you 've heard is likely to be far less troublesome than it appears right now . do not fly off the handle until you know the facts . $ all aspects of love and romance will go especially well today , capricorn . you might take this opportunity to make a bold move toward the object of your affection . go with an unconventional approach and move fearlessly . your relationships will go well . nurture your romantic side and communicate your feelings . love will act suddenly and unexpectedly . go with the flow . $ you should be feeling especially passionate now , capricorn , especially regarding partnerships . romantic partnerships definitely call for an evening alone together . professional and creative ones , on the other hand , call for a new project that you both believe in . look to events in distant states or foreign countries for inspiration . something begun far away from home could capture your imagination . $ a task , perhaps job related or perhaps one of your own , might prove weightier than you expected . you 're working too hard and you could be feeling tired and dejected , capricorn . exactly how crucial is it to get this done right now ? if it is not vital , get as much done as you can without compromising your well - being . do the rest tomorrow . the world will not end if you take another day . $ jealousy could rear its ugly head today , capricorn . this may involve a romantic relationship . jealousy is often groundless . if you want to avoid an upset , try a little communicating . this is definitely the time to make the effort to turn a disadvantage into an advantage . strong emotions can work for you under some circumstances . a passionate reconciliation is better than an angry estrangement . $ expect some great news regarding money , possibly involving professional advancement . you may have to control the urge to cry tears of joy , capricorn . in a different vein , a close friend could be going through some changes and might want your support . your best course of action would be to listen rather than give advice . you may have to control yourself if the situation defies all reason . $ you may feel a bit weighed down today , capricorn , and perhaps more reserved than usual . someone may be raining on your parade , but do not let it get you down . use the grounded energy of the day to get things done . you have your hands full with many tasks , so sit down and bring them to completion . calm your nervous system and balance your frantic emotions . ease off the caffeine . $ career and financial successes might finally come your way after months and perhaps years of striving , capricorn . the emotional support you receive from those who 've been working with you can be very gratifying , and it 's likely to last for a long time . if you like what you 're doing , chances are you will be doing it for a while . if you 're committed to your profession , keep up the good work . $ you may not be your usual cheery self today , capricorn . gloom may have come over you . you may doubt everything that happens in your life . no matter how promising a career , romance , or money matter seems , you think the worst . treat yourself today . get a massage , relax in a hot tub , and rub and soak out those doubting spirits . that will get you through the day . tomorrow you will be back to normal . $ tap into your creativity to unblock the emotional flow today , capricorn . this can be a powerful tool . creativity is a big part of who you are , almost as big as communication . your emotions link to these two aspects and constantly interact beneath the surface . if one gets blocked , release it by focusing on the other . express yourself through creativity and consider talking to someone close . $ venturing into something new and different may be what you need , capricorn . you have a very solid , practical side to your personality , but the need for excitement and adventure is likely to be just as strong . if you 've had your nose to the grindstone recently , take some time off for fun . visit a friend or , better yet , drive to a place you have not been to and explore . $ take the time today to consider your health , capricorn . do you get enough rest , eat the right foods , take vitamins , exercise every day , go to the doctor when you need to , and take time to relax ? all these help you have a lifetime of good health . living a long , healthy life is something we all want . start now to take care of your body . $ today , capricorn , your ability to stand up for your decisions and not let others sway you may be enhanced . this will be especially true if you 've arrived at a resolution that solves a problem . others may often try to change your decisions . maybe this is because they succeed , but not today . the planetary aspects are working in your favor , and you will feel a new strength . follow your own heart . $ use your creativity to make things happen today , capricorn . remember that creativity do not always take the form of a finished product . use it to come up with innovative ways to approach a task , project , or problem . trust in your ability to discover such possibilities . you 're an intelligent and creative person . combine the two to make an unbeatable tool for finding solutions to almost anything . $ do not worry about being productive today , capricorn . thanks to the high energy provided by the planetary aspects , it might be one of the most efficient days you 've had for a long time . dig in your heels and go , go , go . things will be accomplished in no time flat , with some to spare at that . if you have a creative hobby , enjoy working on it . you will find it rewarding . $ the only good thing about being on an emotional roller coaster is that you never feel the same way for long . one moment you 're up , the next you 're down . you cannot figure out what it is you want . rather than drag your loved ones along on the ride , get away from your usual environment . you will be a lot better off alone . and something more important may come out of these moments of solitude ! $ some great news about a friend 's good fortune could be exciting , capricorn , and you might spend a lot of time on the phone not only congratulating that friend but also discussing it with other people . this is good for you , as you 're apt to find it inspiring and use it as motivation to continue pushing ahead yourself . in fact , this news could change your life profoundly in the long run . $ you might find that your desire to conquer is active today , capricorn , and that your mind is right in line with the urge to take action . listen to this and stoke the internal fire . you will find that you can increase your circle of influence by a great deal as long as you 're willing to take a decisive risk in how you approach every situation . be bold and courageous in your actions . $ you may find that you 're indecisive when it comes to issues concerning love and romance , capricorn . for some reason , you have a tendency to pull one way and then the other , yet neither way seems very rewarding . do not feel like you have to take concrete action at this time . in fact , if you do , this commitment may cause you more frustration later . $ a lot of letters , calls , or emails could come your way from all over , capricorn , bringing lots of good news and useful information . some of it could involve new and innovative opportunities that are of great interest to you . expect a lot of discussion that could really get your mind going . write down what seems most promising for you and leave the rest for others . $ enthusiasm for spiritual and metaphysical studies could have you feeling optimistic about the future . your physical energy is high , capricorn , and this suggests that you want to try yoga , tai chi , or another discipline that combines physical exercise with developing psychic and spiritual faculties . friends could want to join you in this activity . let the insights flow , and write them down . $ a relationship that may have in the past been based primarily on intellectual interests may take a sudden turn toward romance . if you are not careful , capricorn , this could turn into an obsession ! relax and enjoy it , but accept your partner as he or she is - warts and all ! there are indications of possible changes in your life , either on a personal or business level . $ take care that your self - esteem do not depend on what other people tell you , capricorn . one minute a bit of flattery may send you high as a kite , and the next minute some criticism may have you feeling down in the dumps . do your best to not let others blow you up and then deflate you as if you 're nothing but a balloon . $ you probably are not going to impress people with your fast talk and quick facts today , capricorn . you will likely get further if you express the emotions that lie behind your words . it 's more important to say what you feel than what you think . even though this may go against your usual nature , you will find that it 's the best policy on a day like this . $ today you might plan a quick trip by air , capricorn . this could be business related . someone else may have been meant to go but could not , so you may be taking his or her place . this could be disruptive for you , but if you make an effort , you can turn it into an adventure . it 's always best to go with the flow and make the most of it . $ nervous tension among family members is high today , capricorn , so do not be surprised if household members start quarreling . it 's best to keep them apart most of the day if you can . in the evening , encourage them to talk about what 's bothering them . you may be feeling a bit bored and discouraged , but forget about it by keeping busy . this will all pass by tomorrow . $ today is a domestic sort of day . you 've been neglecting your home recently and now is a good time to make up for it . clear out the clutter and get organized . if you 're ambitious , you might even want to try a little cooking . why else have you been saving magazine recipes ? you will enjoy the result of getting things in order and allowing yourself the pleasure of a positive day . $ today you may wake up feeling energetic , enthusiastic , optimistic , and very happy , capricorn . you may not be able to trace this to anything logical , so do not even try . make the most of what 's happening and use that energy to create the life you want . you might feel like you can move mountains , but for now you 'd better concentrate on molehills . be conservative now and tackle the mountains later ! $ organized parties , impromptu get - togethers , or other social events should be enjoyable today , capricorn . you will feel a strong sense of belonging to a family or community and a rush of affection for everyone involved . no matter what you think you have to do , do not turn down an invitation . what you gain from being with others is more important than anything else right now . $ your inspiration and imagination are at their peak , capricorn . you may want to try some kind of an artistic project . you 're sure to be pleasantly surprised by the results . you 're especially tuned in to the feelings of others , so do not hesitate to act on your intuition . logic takes a back seat to gut instinct today ! $ this morning , capricorn , you could see nothing but piles of papers that you have no use for . you might go through them like a house afire , wanting to clear out as much clutter as you can . this is always good . a cluttered house parallels a cluttered mind . however , make certain you at least scan each thing before you discard it . you do not want to throw something out you may need later . $ today a friendship could develop into something more , capricorn . someone you know fairly well but never thought of as a potential lover could suddenly show a romantic interest in you and you could respond . whether or not you choose to do anything about it depends on you . circumstances and people change . think twice before you dismiss this person . do not do it because they 're just a friend . $ today you may feel a little out of sorts , capricorn , but your creative energies are likely to flow freely . inspiration could come from deep within you . you 're probably more focused than usual , and therefore can spend considerable time working on a task or project without getting restless . give free rein to your ideas . they might seem a bit dark and strange at first , but they 're important . $ there 's a big world out there beckoning to you , capricorn . why not plan an adventure to a faraway land ? you 've been working hard and deserve a reward . if you cannot take time off right now , at least contact a travel agent or do some research online . surround yourself with pamphlets and images of foreign cities . even though you know you cannot travel to them now , you know you will get there soon . $ do not trust anything related to money or contracts today , capricorn . this is not a good day to enter into any kind of contract , whether it 's starting an investment program , negotiating a salary , or changing banks . there 's a lot of miscommunication and misunderstanding in the air . you may think you understand what you 're signing , but you may not . save legal and financial matters for another day . $ you might contemplate a change of residence , or at least a change in household . someone could move out or move in . travel might be on your mind . you could decide to plan a trip by air either out of state or out of the country . these changes imply expansion not only in your worldly life but also within . go with the flow . $ a number of new and exciting relationships could appear in your life now , some of them showing promise of becoming close . old ones seem to be fading . this can make you a little sad , capricorn , but it 's a process that you cannot stop . as you change inside , so your relationships change . you might attract friends who share new interests . go with the flow . $ you may be excited about an idea today , capricorn , but unfortunately no one else may be . you spring up with enthusiasm only to smack into a brick wall . one side of you may be communicative and witty while the other is confused . the two sides are not really connecting well , so perhaps you should just lay low . hold on to your ideas , and save their presentation for a later day . $ you 're apt to feel stronger within , helping you to connect the inner and outer sides of your personality , capricorn . you may feel like you have all your troops united on a common front and are making tremendous progress toward reaching your goals . do not stop . your momentum is strong . things you set in motion now will have a tremendous effect that will continue to increase over time . $ an intellectual problem may prove confusing , capricorn , and reading and research reveal contradictory information . you might also hear some gossip that do not seem quite right . this is not the day to believe everything you read or hear or to try to make sense of anything that has you befuddled . you will be in a better space later . put it aside for a few days and then tackle it . $ your mind is strong and focused today , capricorn . as a result , you 're probably feeling especially physically robust . sudden insights could earn you some satisfying acknowledgement , not to mention the respect of someone important to you . your intuition level is high and apt to serve you well now , particularly where work and health are concerned . make the most of it ! $ it might seem like your brain and heart are working against you today , capricorn . you might sense that they 've teamed up to keep your head in a swirling maelstrom of confusion that you cannot seem to pull out of . look beyond the mundane confusion of this day . connect with your sensitive , receptive side , sit back , and let someone else do the thinking . $ recent conflicts may stir up some anger in you , capricorn . this is a powerful force , and you could be tempted to get into a big fight . put the weapons away and bring out the olive branch . take that energy that has built up and use it to fuel your romantic affairs instead of warlike ventures . defuse the situation by sharing passionate nights with the one you love . $ an element of the mystical and fanciful will play a significant part in your world today , capricorn . this energy is likely to come to you unexpectedly , and your first reaction might be to shy away from it . believe in the power of thought and intention . pursue whatever you wish to achieve in your world . putting a great deal of willpower behind your actions will make you more likely to succeed . $ fascinating new information could arrive today from tv or the internet , opening up new educational opportunities . the possibility of making contact and perhaps visiting new friends in other countries might come to your attention . you will probably find this very exciting , capricorn , and make plans immediately . this is fine , but be careful to consider all contingencies . be practical and objective . $ this is one of those days in which you may ask for five minutes to complete a certain task and an hour later finally finish whatever you set out to do . keep in mind that this is not necessarily a bad thing . things are taking you longer than expected not because you 're inefficient but because you 're more passionate than usual about what you 're doing . $ you may feel emotionally on fire today , capricorn . one conversation with someone will suddenly spark a discussion of some sort that proves extremely valuable to you in the long run . expand your mind . you can learn a great deal by opening yourself up to the truth . making connections with others will help pave the way toward your success . $ financial benefits may come your way through channels you 've never dreamed of . this could have to do with investments , settlements , or insurance benefits . pleasant recurring dreams may come your way , bringing insights to your past and giving rise to new self - awareness . someone from the past you have not seen for a long time may suddenly reappear . this should be a pleasant surprise . $ you 're at a creative high point right now , so make sure to nurture this side of your being , capricorn . it could be that you 're in danger of running into an obstacle . try not to get discouraged . instead , it may be best for you to reflect on what you 've done in the past . enjoy emotional stability today instead of letting your emotions jump around from one thing to the next . $ your emotions could be quite strong today , capricorn . you may find it difficult to act without having intense feelings come into the picture . be careful about speaking without first thinking how your words will affect other people . it 's important for you to be receptive in order to tune into the activity around you . be open to others ' opinions . $ today you might take time out from all the recent excitement to take a good look at your working life , capricorn . is it satisfying ? is it contributing not only to your own well - being but also to that of the planet ? you 're likely to decide to change your profession in some way , either through augmenting the job you have or taking on an entirely new one . $ you might find your energy comes in strong , erratic bursts today , capricorn . do not be surprised if you 're high as a kite one moment and down in the dumps the next . even if you 're driving everyone crazy with your yo - yo behavior , do not let this stop you from keeping on in this fashion . you 're probably able to keep very good track of the dozens of things going on around you . $ it 's important to turn your attention to more spiritual matters now , capricorn . consider enrolling in a yoga class that combines meditation with the physical practice . it 's vital to link your mind , body , and soul together . the more you can integrate these three parts of your being , the healthier you will feel . a high - energy dance class would also be a good way to achieve this goal . $ luck and prosperity lie within your grasp now , capricorn . the only problem is that you might not notice because you 're so caught up in some emotional drama that occupies your entire being . do not concern yourself with issues that do not directly pertain to you . your time and energy are too precious . keep your mind focused on your biggest goals . $ some time alone with a special person is definitely called for today , capricorn . the social whirl of recent weeks has put you in touch with a lot of old friends and enabled you to make new ones . now it 's time to relax at home . you might discuss your plans for your future together , perhaps regarding possible changes in your living situation . you might also give some thought to your career . $ you could either be planning or preparing for a long journey by air , capricorn . your plans may still need to be confirmed . today is the perfect day to do this . spiritual matters might be very much on your mind right now , and you might read a lot about such subjects . do not be surprised if it proves difficult to put them out of your mind . $ a social event could put you in contact with people who love to gossip , capricorn . they might have some juicy tidbits to report , and you could be torn between curiosity and compassion for the person being discussed . if what you hear is good , relax and enjoy it . if it 's vicious , do not be afraid to speak up . someone has to express displeasure at the spreading of unkind rumors ! $ if you 're a salesperson , capricorn , expect orders to roll in today . you 're unusually persuasive , making it virtually impossible for anyone to say no to you . all signs indicate you will be successful with whatever you undertake . take advantage of this auspicious time . but be wary if you end up on the receiving end of a sales pitch . opportunities that seem too good to be true usually are . $ this morning you may wake up from a dream with many inspiring new ideas . if you 're into creative activity of any kind , you will want to jot these ideas down , as well as possibilities for bringing them to the rest of the world . this could be through music , painting , writing , or any kind of art form . do not be surprised if your style changes a little . if nothing else , this demonstrates versatility ! $ today you 're going to want to shut out the world and be alone with your thoughts , capricorn . you 're caught up in the introspective energies at play . you may not be very cooperative , and may even wish to spend time on more solitary activities . indulge yourself . you might want to take time alone to meditate . listen to yourself . you 're likely to be on the verge of a major self - discovery . $ you could feel a bit low today due to disappointment in someone important to you , capricorn . it could be that a mentor no longer supports you or perhaps an authority figure has shown his or her true colors . rather than casting about for a new role model , why not follow the path that you know is right for you ? you 're experienced enough now not to need anyone else to lead the way . $ you may feel a little under the weather today , capricorn . you may even develop sniffles or a sore throat . if so , consider going to the doctor . this can be an especially unwelcome development , as it keeps you from certain activities . if you act quickly , your ailment may not worsen . take the time you need to feel healthy again before returning to your routine . $ whether you spend today with your feet on the ground or in an airplane , you 're eager and enthusiastic about your life direction . if you are not on your way to a distant land , it 's likely that you will be airborne soon , capricorn . you 've achieved tremendous success lately and that trend is going to continue . if this trip is a reward to yourself for all of your hard work , you deserve it ! $ spiritual studies might seem fascinating and confusing , capricorn . are you reading a book whose author is not clear ? perhaps this is not the best work to bring you the information you seek . ask friends to recommend better books . make a trip to the library . see what 's available online . there 's no need to try to make sense of something that 's confusing to begin with . $ what 's driving you today , capricorn ? why do you feel an obsessive need to get all your work done at once ? if you 're trying to impress someone , there 's no need . others already hold you in high regard . if the project you 're working on is urgent , get some help . do not try to do it all yourself unless you want to be too stressed out to accomplish anything tomorrow . talk about counterproductive ! $ be quick to point out when you see an injustice , capricorn . if someone says something offensive or untrue , do not let it slide . if you do , you 're just as much at fault as the person who committed the offense . when you know you 're right , say so . it 's important that others respect you . your honest nature and good moral sense are important qualities and should be recognized accordingly . $ being married to someone for many years takes work , capricorn . no one said it was going to be easy . hollywood promotes a fantasyland that can make your life look drab and boring by comparison . realize that your life can be good and interesting , too - reality is even better than the movie version . today is a good day to prepare for future growth . $ there 's an earthy weightiness to today . you could feel like your relationships are in a difficult situation , capricorn . do not worry , because the clouds are going to lighten up tremendously after today . put in your hard work now and do any last minute planning you feel is necessary before you 're off and running . the starting gate is about to open . $ ground yourself today , capricorn . lay a solid foundation for the future . this is a very critical time in which you must think realistically about your future success . you must incorporate an element of restriction into your life before your dreams can actualize . today is one of those days in which you can fuse a powerful combination of fantasy and reality in order to build success . $ too many people may be vying for your attention today , capricorn , both at work and home . you will want to make them all happy , so you may feel a little frazzled . your temper might also be on edge . it would be better to put off the less urgent demands than work yourself into a frenzy . those who matter would rather have you enjoy life than tire yourself out for their sake . $ your life certainly seems to revolve around human contact . you 're an outgoing , cheerful , engaging conversationalist who enjoys bringing people together , though lately you 've been yearning to be alone . capricorn , do not ignore any urge you feel for solitude . even though it 's an unusual need for you , it 's still a valid one . $ you 're radiant and glowing with happiness today . this is a refreshing change after the gloom and doom of the past few weeks . apparently the decisions you made worked out for the best . or , even better , perhaps you 're in love ? in any case , capricorn , it will be even easier than usual for you to communicate with others and share your joy . let the good times roll ! $ much of your day is likely to be spent in the company of family , close friends , and a current or potential love partner , capricorn . business partners could be involved . this should be a very pleasant , stimulating day for you . people you care about and enjoy will surround you . you 're also likely to become more strongly bonded to a romantic partner . $ a new or long - term romantic relationship could be advanced to the next level of commitment , capricorn . the chemistry between you is strong and you 're compatible on several levels . today you will experience passion like never before ! some intense but honest and very positive discussion about the relationship 's future is likely to take place , followed by an intimate encounter . $ career changes may be on the horizon , capricorn . although positive in the long run , the events leading up to the change may seem catastrophic . your employer could go out of business or move too far away for you to commute . the secret here is not to panic . accept the situation and move on . in the end , you will probably be glad that this happened . success and good fortune are coming . $ you may need to take the day off to replenish your soul , capricorn . you 've been working exceptionally hard lately . while your output is impressive , it 's coming at a high personal cost . take some time today to let your mind and body rest and relax . cuddle up in your favorite chair with a book , some tea , and a quilt . let your mind wander . you may be surprised where it lands . $ friends and money rarely mix , capricorn . today a close friend may ask for a loan . think carefully . rather than take the easy route and say yes , you and your friend would be better served if you helped him or her figure out a way to earn the money . perhaps you could offer a job or introduce your friend to someone else who can help . be creative and you will find a solution that works for everyone . $ spiritual and metaphysical concepts may seem murky to you today , capricorn . ideas that friends accept as matters of course might feel strange . do not get into an argument . ask about books , websites , or magazines that you can consult for more input and , hopefully , clarity . find out about future lectures on the subject . it should all come together eventually . you just need to be patient ! $ you might not be in the mood to cooperate today , capricorn . you will most likely want to work on projects alone at your own pace . you will probably have to come out of your shell and interact with others . you may need advice or input . try not to be too pouty with your partner or kids . they might not understand the real reason why you 're distracted . $ are you contemplating a trip , capricorn , perhaps to a place you 've always dreamed of visiting ? if you 're in doubt as to whether or not you can do it , work out your budget and you might be surprised . invite a friend or romantic partner to accompany you . such a trip could boost your personal growth like nothing you 've ever tried before . think about it ! $ a rather spacey friend or acquaintance from far away could call today , capricorn , perhaps to propose a visit . this might not be convenient now , and could put you in a quandary as to whether or not to agree to it . your decision eventually comes down to how much you care for this person and how badly you want to see him or her . think carefully before saying yes or no . $ a temporary separation from a romantic partner might have you despairing today , capricorn . your imagination may conjure up all sorts of dreadful scenarios , like your beloved finding someone else . do not do this to yourself . your friend probably misses you , too . keep busy so the days pass quickly until your friend comes back and you 're together again . be patient ! $ try not to do everything all at once today , capricorn . your social life is heating up and you may be in a frenzy preparing for all the gatherings you 've been invited to . all this on top of your regular workload could send you into a tailspin . pace yourself . get your work done first before thinking about your social life . remember , if you were unemployed , you would not be able to go out at all ! $ you feel energetic and optimistic , capricorn . you can do anything you set your mind to ! this positive outlook is a refreshing change from the usual pessimism . it 's certainly easier to go through life happy . as someone once said , people pretty much choose whether or not they 're going to be happy . kudos to you for making the right choice . you 're bound to be successful once you believe you can be . $ you feel like you have a stone strapped to your back , capricorn . the farther you walk with this load , the slower you go , and the more hunched over you will be by the time you reach your destination . unloaded the stone from your pack . realize that this break in your journey will help you make much better time in the long run and save you from a great deal of physical strain . $ you 're an avid reader , capricorn . today you may come across some ideas that inspire ideas of your own . perhaps you read something gives you an idea for a short story . maybe an interview with a famous musician reignites your desire to play the piano . pay attention to these yearnings . write them down . when you review them in a few days , you will see which ones still have a strong pull on you . $ the temptation to take center stage might be too strong to resist , capricorn . someone may ask you to tell a story . your gift with words and vivid imagination should serve you well . keep it brief . if you go on too long , your friends could fidget . time your performance by watching their expressions . do it right and you will be asked to do it again . $ you have a wonderful combination of optimism and spirituality , capricorn . you believe in miracles as well as angels , santa claus , and the tooth fairy . we support your attitude wholeheartedly ! today something may happen that only further solidifies your beliefs . perhaps your guardian angel saves you from stepping in front of a bus , or you receive a telepathic message that stops you from making a bad career mistake . $ you 're unstoppable today , capricorn . it seems you can do anything . your confidence and energy are high . there 's no question that you 're ready to take the world by storm . is the world ready for you ? think carefully as you formulate plans for your new project . whatever you do will succeed , but be sure you 're doing what you really want to do rather than what others expect of you . $ you may be looking for some new values in your personal life , capricorn . you 're no longer interested in superficial or frivolous relationships . you need to meet different kinds of people and select friends who are really worth keeping . do not worry if you feel like taking a step back to get some perspective , because this is the time to do it . relationships are too important to neglect . $ the planetary aspects invite you to explore strong expressions of feeling , capricorn . a declaration of love , autobiography , spiritual confession , apology , or reconciliation . all these kinds of communication bring a kind of intimate revelation . this might be what you need in order to take advantage of the powerful inspiration of the moment . $ today is a great time to form or strengthen romantic relationships , capricorn . if you are not involved , chances are you will meet someone . if you are , expect your relationship to develop a new spiritual bond . new friendships , particularly with people who share your interests , are on the horizon . the coming years will be a time when everyone will have to pull together . today you get a head start . $ you and a current or potential partner may disagree on whether to spend some time together alone or go out with friends , capricorn . if you 've both had a rough day , you 're likely to be rather tense and apt to snap at each other . a compromise may be the best answer . spend an hour or two with your friends and then come home and relax . that way , everyone 's happy . $ the mood will be a bit oppressive today , capricorn . after meeting the challenges presented by the past several days , you 're likely to want a little peace and quiet ! but you can expect to be sought out and asked to assume your duties . you may feel like forgetting the whole thing and running away . be reasonable and wait until you have some vacation time . $ your light , breezy spirit may have some trouble harmonizing with today 's prevailing mood . usually when you 're cornered , you 're able to find a way to squirm to safety . today you may run out of clever maneuvers . even though you face the day 's challenges alone and unaided , you survive them the same way . good for you ! $ here you go again , philosophizing about what personal expression , creation , and authenticity are all about . have you noticed that you have some problems expressing issues that do not fall within the norm , capricorn ? your strong will and desire to be appreciated get in your way . it is not easy to express yourself authentically when you 're trying to make an impression on others . $ people love to be with you because you have such natural charm , capricorn . but today you may not feel especially charming or like talking to anyone . you may have a secret inside that 's screaming to get out . if someone confides in you today , do you think you could confide in him or her , too ? you should get an answer to that question today . $ you may feel living your life is like crossing a desert , but fortunately , capricorn , today brings your oasis . take advantage of it ! some people you 've met over the past few weeks could turn out to be more interesting than you originally thought . it 's up to you to change those parts of your personality that have been holding you back . $ a lack of time to pursue your spiritual and intellectual interests could weigh on your mind today , capricorn . gloom might descend on you , as if responsibilities of the moment are too much for you . try to be the observer . if a friend came to you for advice with your problem , what would you say ? take your own advice . you might also want to consider streamlining your activities . $ working toward goals you share with others could bring you closer together as friends and lovers , capricorn . the whole is definitely more than the sum of the parts . you 're likely to produce better results as a group or partnership than you would have otherwise . this is an all pull together sort of day . romantically , you may have an exciting , passionate encounter ! $ today you might channel one final , powerful burst of energy into completing a goal that means a great deal to you . your courage and determination are high , and you have the ability to accomplish a lot at this time , capricorn . if you 've been considering projects that others think are impossible , this is the day to act . move forward with caution , but go for the gold ! $ when faced with an emotionally intense situation , you 're likely to flee , capricorn . you 'd rather change the subject to something more lighthearted . this form of escapism is doing nothing to solve the problem . in fact , by avoiding the emotional topic , you 're only creating more friction than if you just approached the problem directly . $ you may end up in some arguments , capricorn . your nature is expansive and generous , but if others take advantage of this good nature , your mood quickly turns to anger and detachment . conflict is often a natural part of a relationship . use it as a learning experience instead of blowing it out of proportion and turning it into a larger issue than it needs to be . $ this is a great day to strut your stuff , capricorn . you 're on top of the world , so enjoy it , your family , and the people around you . you 're at the forefront of the action and you do not miss a beat , regardless of the conversation buzzing around you . you 're able to whip out facts and dates at the drop of a hat . do not let anyone bring you down or talk you out of your good mood . $ today you might be with friends who want to go out on the town and spend money . shopping , eating in fancy restaurants , or going to dance clubs could be in their plans . this is fine , capricorn , as long as you do not get caught up in the excess . find a happy medium between spending too much and acting like a party pooper . $ you may feel that your current relationships are more complicated than ever , capricorn . this is because you 're going through a period when many planets are trying to shed light on your hidden motivations . when you 're finished analyzing and have an understanding of what really drives you , your relationships will seem much simpler . $ some past stories may come back to haunt you today , capricorn . if you once held a government post , for example , a journalist could undercover some error that you made years ago and publish it in today 's newspaper ! everyone has to deal with the jealousy of others at some point in their lives . so prepare yourself and fight back ! $ unsettling news from far away could have you somewhat upset and a little depressed . the temptation to withdraw and brood might seem too strong to resist , but this may not be the best course of action . getting things done is likely to be the best therapy in emotional situations like this , capricorn . so if there 's a new project you 've been considering , this is the day to start it . $ if you work in a helping profession such as psychotherapy , you 're probably breaking quite a few rules and protocols right now , capricorn . you may even be going against theories that were a fundamental part of your education . do not be troubled by your rebelliousness . it 's important that the status quo be challenged from time to time . it 's people like you who advance the field ! $ there are times in your love life when you may feel somewhat inhibited , as though something is holding you back from total fulfillment . perhaps the emotions overwhelm you or the idea of commitment frightens you . in any case , capricorn , you 're well aware that your reluctance to take the plunge is detrimental to your relationship . the day will call on you to take a few more risks . $ as a person who loves to experiment with new ideas and discover new people , you will be delighted with the period that is now beginning . since communication , togetherness , and sociability will rule the next few weeks , it will be a perfect time to get out and show off your gifts . you will have a ball , capricorn ! $ a delivery that you were expecting from far away might be delayed , capricorn , causing you to wonder if it might have been lost . it has not . unfortunately , there is not much you can do but wait . mechanical equipment could also go out of whack , necessitating a call to a repair service . this could set you back some and make you antsy . try to find something else to do ! $ the universe is inviting you magnify your vision , capricorn . it 's time to see the bigger , better , more advanced side of things . remember that life is a mirror . you 're highly unlikely to receive more than you hope for . so dream big , hope big , and imagine yourself in the stars . do not sell yourself short . it 's a misuse of humility and modesty . $ be careful to not be too cavalier today , capricorn . it would be wise to adopt a more serious tone than usual . you might be inclined to say words carelessly , but people are going to take you literally . make sure you mean what you say . your attention to fashion and pop culture may conflict with a force that 's asking you to focus on things of deeper spiritual value . $ if by chance you have to speak in public soon , capricorn , trust that people will enjoy listening to you . words come effortlessly to you , and you exude confidence . you willingly accept the compliments of others . your energy level is high and you will be unstoppable . this is only fair after all of the work you 've put in these last few months ! $ you may be in a difficult position , capricorn , as a critical part of a pending decision . your first reaction may be to throw up your hands and leave the decision to someone else . making a choice is too tough , so you find that you 'd rather not have to make it at all . unfortunately , it looks like everyone else has the same idea . deep down , you have an opinion that needs to be heard . $ this could be a highly productive day for you if you approach it in the right way . you will find that you have an added burst of energy that could help you conquer just about any task you set your mind to , capricorn . you may feel more aggressive than usual , so use this to your advantage by delegating tasks and moving forward on projects that you 'd like to see done . $ the past few weeks may have seemed earth shattering , capricorn . you may still be trembling slightly as you head into the coming weeks . fortunately , the current astral configuration promises to be calmer , although not necessarily less intense . you will be able to apply recent decisions regarding your domestic life and finally settle some important matters . $ it may be hard for you to maintain your self - discipline , capricorn . your childlike nature wants to go out and play . emotionally , you 're anxious to let loose and follow your playful , instinctual nature , yet your sense of responsibility is holding you back . this difficult internal tension may be the cause of irritation in many different areas of your life . do your best to come to a place of balance and harmony . $ if something has been bothering you , capricorn , today is a good time to work it out . your excellent communicative ability will be even stronger with today 's energy . whether your problems have to do with a colleague , boss , spouse , friend , or relative , you will find the words to effectively communicate your thoughts and feelings . do not hesitate to make those appointments . $ when you enter a room , capricorn , the dynamic suddenly changes . your presence has a powerful impact on other people . do not take it lightly . people may hang on your words like they 're listening to the queen address to her kingdom . make sure the content of your speech reflects the gravity of the situation . make every word count . $ you are radiant and glowing with happiness today , capricorn ! this is a refreshing change after the gloom of the past few weeks . apparently , the decisions you made worked out for the best . or even better , perhaps you 're in love ? in any case , it will be even easier than usual for you to communicate with others and share your joy . let the good times roll ! $ capricorn , you may have recently built fanciful scenarios in your head regarding how you think things should be , in either a romantic , business , or family situation . it 's likely these images will conflict with reality as you discover that you need to take a much more analytical approach to what you have going . $ the current planetary energy encourages you to consider what your motives are for wanting to get involved in one particular relationship . if you search your heart and think that you may get something quite specific out of it , then you may actually be taking the wrong attitude . perhaps it may be more pertinent to ask yourself what it is that you have to give - then make a decision . $ partners may seem to be more confused than usual , especially under the influence of current planetary energies . they may retract promises that they swore were forever , or perhaps make a deal that they secretly know that they will not be able to keep . do not take too much notice of what is said or not said , as tomorrow it will all have been forgotten anyway . be patient instead . $ you may discover that music is the food of love , with today 's celestial energy . in fact , you may unveil a major link between all kinds of nourishment and the ability to create a truly romantic and nurturing atmosphere . if you are entertaining your sweetest love , then go to the limit and you will be well rewarded - they will be very happy to comply with your every request . $ the current astral energy makes you virtually invincible , which means you could be spoilt for choice in terms of suitable new partners . it seems as though no matter what you do , say , or wear , you will not be able to put a foot wrong . people will find you rapturously attractive and will want to swarm around you to see if your charisma will rub off on them . lucky you ! $ partners are decidedly unpredictable today , which may not be made any easier by the alignment of the planets . whatever you re able to get out and do , you could find that your plans get shifted and changed about , especially if you have decided to do something together . do not worry too much ; it is the nature of the energy in the atmosphere . be ready for anything and you could get a wonderful surprise . $ the current astral configuration indicates that you can now feel safe about letting someone know how you really feel about them . but there is a time and a place for everything , so do not just open your heart randomly . prepare a really classy setting and make them a sensational meal , and then let it all pour out . $ if you are able to go out on a first date this evening , do not let a disparaging remark put you off this person for good . the astral energy indicates that they may not have realized quite what they were saying , due to being slightly nervous and ill at ease . give them the benefit of the doubt , and you may find them extremely good company . do not do anything drastic . $ the current aspect at play may mean that you appear painful than you actually feel . it is not that you are particularly upset by anything , but more that you have a lot on your mind that you need to think about . your lover may take this as a sign that you are somehow not interested , so you will need to show that this is not the case . $ current planetary energies create the perfect atmosphere for a party or impromptu get - together , if possible , as everyone will be open to meeting and getting involved with everyone else . if you will be spending time talking with someone whom you are interested in for more personal reasons , then you will find that you have a natural rapport and seem to be able to discuss just about anything together . you could make a great couple . $ today 's alignment of the planets may mean that you now know just how much someone feels about you , as they will find the courage today to finally let you know . this will be most reassuring , as you probably found it hard to work out quite what was going on inside them and were often not at all sure whether the relationship was truly on or off . $ the current planetary configuration helps you feel more settled about a relationship that has been something of a roller coaster ride up to this point . one minute it seems to be on , and the next minute it seems to be off . this has left you feeling confused and exhausted , and wondering whether it would be best to forget it all . however , today you may get the assurances that you need . $ the current aspect at play indicates that it may be better to get a break from your partner ( current or prospective ) and loved one , and take this opportunity to go off by yourself and do all the things that make you feel uplifted and recharged . you both need some space to get back in touch with yourselves , and will enjoy the time alone , which makes the reunion later so much more fun . $ you usually have very little trouble in expressing yourself , but whether you are true to your deeper nature is another matter . the current planetary alignment may highlight one area in your relationships where you are sticking rigidly to certain beliefs or theories , rather than going with your own natural flow . when you suddenly see how this affects your ability to be close to others , you will want to change . $ with today 's astral energy , you may end up saying something to your beloved that they find quite hurtful . whether it was intentional or not , it would perhaps be better to find out the real cause rather than have them withdraw in a sulk . whatever may have sparked off your outburst can be healed with honesty . you just need to get the right perspective on the whole situation . $ you may get the feeling that a loved one is playing some kind of joke on you . today 's astral configuration implies that you may not be able to believe that the events of today are actually taking place . you could always turn the situation around and see it all from a more humorous perspective , which would probably be the right thing to do . do not take offense . $ the current astral configuration brings with it a golden opportunity to find out more about someone special . it could be that while out at a party or other social gathering , if possible , you get a chance to consult someone who is skilled in the art of divination , and as luck would have it , you already have your questions at hand . what you discover could make quite a difference in your attitude . $ the current astral energy may incline you to take an overly pessimistic view of your current relationship situation today . if you have been looking for that perfect love , and have so far not had any luck , then you could begin to think that it is becoming hopeless . however , this mood is only a passing phase , so look to the future and retain your high expectations . do not give up . $ the current astral energy gives you a chance to sweep the decks , throw away all the dead wood that has accumulated in your romantic life , and with a clear conscience , enables you to move onto greener and more promising pastures . you may have been wallowing in the mire recently in terms of your love life , but now realize what has to be done , and you go ahead and do it . $ do not worry if you do not feel up to that ( real of virtual ) date this evening . make the effort to go anyway , as it will certainly be well worth it . the current planetary alignment implies that you will have a wonderful time and find that you have so much more in common than you originally imagined . but you will also find a powerful chemistry present as well - an added bonus ! $ today 's astral environment may imply that you begin to fret more than usual about a current relationship . your thoughts are flying all over the place and causing you to imagine scenes that have nothing to do with the way things actually are . if you can take a step back and see how this senseless mental activity may be damaging to your relationship , then this is a start . $ do not worry if things seem to go wrong ; it is only by appearing to do so that they can begin to go right . the current aspect may seem to mess up certain aspects of your love life , but this is only so that something more suitable can occur . so , if you get stood up , know that someone better is just around the corner - quite literally . $ as you naturally take everything from washing the dishes to your love life very seriously , today 's planetary alignment may mean that you want to make a more formalized arrangement out of an affair that up to now has been casual . you have obviously enjoyed each other 's company in the past , and this is the time to make things more permanent . tell them exactly how you feel . $ today 's planetary alignment helps you to feel more mellow and relaxed than you have for some time . if you are able to go out on a date , then it will probably be a very romantic and memorable occasion . you will be surprised at how easily you are charmed into submission by all the right kinds of attention but do keep one foot on the ground at least . $ the planets are aligning to encourage you to lighten up and have some fun , after a time of much hard work . if you are in a permanent partnership , then this will help you both relax and enable you to spend some time together . if you are hoping to meet someone who is upwardly mobile , then this could be just the opportunity you have been waiting for . $ the current astral energy may encourage you , the epitome of responsibility , to do something quite silly with regards to your romantic life . if you do not mind making a potential fool of yourself , then read no further . if you would prefer to keep your sense of decorum , then do not give in to blind impulses - make sure you think first . otherwise it could take some time to regain your credibility . $ you need something to goad you into action as far as your love life is concerned , and the current astral energy may be just the ticket . if it appears that another person is zooming in to get a date with someone you have been working on for some time , then this could make you very angry . you will suddenly display a boldness that you never knew you had . $ current astral energies could confuse certain issues within a close relationship that had been fairly clear . you both enjoy being together , but may not be able to come to any decisions about how you would like to progress in the future . do not fret about this now , as this will make matters even more muddy between you , just enjoy what you have today . tomorrow will take care of itself . $ there is a very soft and gentle atmosphere around with the current interplay of planetary energies . if you have been having difficulties in your relationship recently , then use this wonderfully romantic mood to make up your differences . buy a gift or send a love note , or perhaps book a surprise table for two at a small restaurant , if possible . this will help smooth over any differences and help you feel good again . $ you may need to rouse yourself and make more of an effort than usual to escape from your ingrained habits . but once you have , you will be pleasantly surprised at what transpires today . the planetary energy makes an event , possibly related to your career , into something far more interesting , as you find that someone in particular appeals to you because of their passion and commitment . $ today 's aspect may mean that a conversation this evening defies all your expectations , and is decidedly unique , original , and completely different from anything you had expected . no , the person you re talking to is not an alien from a distant planet ; they are definitely warm and human , but they exude real charisma , which is something that you will appreciate no end , and will certainly warm to . let go and have fun ! $ the current planetary energy will certainly brighten up your life , especially where romance is concerned . you tend to have a very dry sense of humor , so it is sometimes hard for others to tell whether you are joking or not . yet you will meet a certain person who not only understands your jokes but can give as good as they get . you will deeply appreciate all they have to offer . $ the celestial energy means that it could be your sense of humor that drives someone crazy today , not to mention your wonderful healthy looks and glorious hair . it will be the jokes and funny stories that you relate that draws their attention to you . and you may discover that you both share the same philosophy of life , and many other things as well . good luck . $ the astral configuration may mean that a lover from the past comes back into your life today . whilst you may feel that you have changed for the better , you may not be quite so sure about them , as they seem to have grown more world weary and slightly disappointed with life . discussing old times and talking through any problems with them will bring a smile back to their face . $ today 's celestial energy indicates that you have a chance for some peace and harmony between you and your loved one . this is an excellent opportunity to begin any new projects together that involve a combination of your skills , as you make an excellent team . if you have any plans that you have been thinking of putting into action , then get them moving right now . do not wait ! $ this is one of those days when dressing in your best will definitely pay high dividends . the planetary energy indicates that the more attractive you can look ( and confident you 'll thus feel ) , the more chance you have of drawing the right kind of person to yourself . try wearing clothes in soft translucent fabrics , with a dab of a sexy scent . muted colors are also best - and no bold patterns ! $ conversation is the way to the heart of someone you find extremely attractive . the celestial energy indicates that all you need do is to tell them how you feel ; but rather than go overboard with passionate overstatements about all their wonderful qualities , keep it simple . lightly touch on your emotions - rather like you might mention only once that you adore gold and leave it at that . $ you may find it hard to cope with the fact that you cannot seem to get the information you are seeking out of the person sitting in front of you . the celestial energy indicates that even though the communication potential is good , you are hoping to hear a definite statement of feeling , and this could be what is causing the problem . they are determined not to make themselves vulnerable . $ your partner may seem indecisive and irritable , with the current aspect at play . however , you may not be making things exactly easy by your attitude , either . you are both seeking to get away from restraints and limitations that you feel you are imposing on each other . some time spent away , each doing your own thing , may help enormously . it will restore your connection to yourselves and give your relationship a boost . $ you will feel on top of the world , with the energy from today 's planetary alignment . not only do you feel powerful and radiant , you also command the attention of others . if you are looking for a partner to share your life with , you will not have to actually do anything very much ; you simply have to be , and those on a similar wavelength will be attracted to your aura . $ the energy from today 's astral configuration may give you the courage to ask someone absolutely sensational out for a meal , if possible . not that you are usually short of words , but in this instance , it is the age - old worry of being rejected by someone that you have grown to completely adore that is causing the problem . however , once you have gotten the words out , and they have been accepted - all will be well . $ the celestial energy at play may encourage you to be more adventurous when it comes to your love life . there are times when it would benefit you not to stick so rigidly to the company of certain people , but to try and widen your circle of friends and get to meet those whom you would perhaps never usually consider . you may communicate with someone you find absolutely fascinating . $ your fabulous personality attracts a lot of attention . whether you are dressed to kill or not , you have a natural regal air about you that draws people . if you are already in a permanent relationship , expect to be surprised today . you may feel like breaking out and getting some space by yourself . with a shock , you discover that you are really enjoying your own company . do something you love . $ everything seemed to be going so well , when all of a sudden , a block or obstacle to the relationship seemed to arise . however , take heart , because it has come about for a reason . do not forget that nothing happens by accident . there is a very good reason why this has come about now . spend time today talking and really working to get it right . do not be afraid to tackle difficult subjects . $ you love to be in love and enjoy all the perks that go with being adored and adoring another . however , you may find that today this whole notion goes a little too far . you may be requested to walk a mile , when perhaps you only needed to go a little way down the road . do not let yourself be talked into just anything ; remember to respect yourself and stick to your boundaries . $ friends and partners continue to be extremely sociable at the moment , and you may find yourself inundated with requests for any types of dates and outings that are possible . however , you do not want to annoy or play off two people , one against each other . you are hot property , and others seem wildly disposed toward you . you do not want to suffer from total burnout , so guard against excess . but then again , you can keep your options open . $ you could benefit from some very constructive thinking , and certainly some quiet reflection today . you need to clear up just how much of the current conflict with your loved one is actually your fault , and how much is attributable to them . it takes two to tango . but the threads that create that knot of tension need unraveling very carefully in order to reach a state of clarity . $ there could be a degree of tension in the air today , ironic now that you intend to make things smoother between you and your loved one . you are determined to have things seen your way , because after all , you feel you know best . the conflict that is generated could actually be very creative if you can use the tension to make a breakthrough , rather than a breakaway . $ whatever you thought you wanted , you can be sure that today will amplify your desires to the maximum . it is not just a question of desire , but of need with a capital n . you may find something extremely hard to resist and be very tempted to give in to it . but be very careful here . by wanting it so much , you may actually be stopping yourself from getting it . $ there is a powerful energy in the air today . it means that you can make many strides forward if you are willing to embrace something from the past and work on anything that constitutes unfinished business . this may entail a great deal of talking , and perhaps some action on your behalf . but it will also really pave the way for great things to happen in the future . $ it could be a trip or a journey that sparks off a very heady and passionate affair . it need not be connected with a journey to a foreign country ; you could meet each other at a virtual meditation class , or perhaps even a spiritual retreat , if possible . the energy is very intense , and so you could find yourself caught in a whirlwind . if you like drama , you will probably enjoy what happens next . $ today one door may slam shut , while another one begins to open . with so much potential in your romantic life , you cannot afford to let an incident from the past mar your happiness now . be sure that the door to your past is firmly locked before fully opening this new door . only then can you proceed free of hindrances , knowing there are no ghosts waiting to haunt you . $ you have been aware of a slow and gradual change occurring in your life for some time now . today 's astral alignment indicates that this is one of those times when you need to look a little more closely at what needs transforming . relationships are continually changing , and so are you . this is one fact of life you can count on , so go with the flow . $ it is surprising just how bowled over you can be , especially when you think you have understood someone , only to find that you know nothing about them whatsoever . today your dearest one may suddenly announce something that shocks you . a whole new part of their being is revealed . they may have been wanting to tell you all along , and finally decided to be honest . $ the current planetary alignment reveals that you will reach a creative peak . dreams and fantasies may seem to be pouring into your head , so fast that you have to pinch yourself to make sure you 're awake . one dream today will definitely keep you awake . someone you have longed to know better for some time may create an opportunity for you to meet . you will be thrilled . $ there is nothing like an inferno of fiery enthusiasm , something that you may know all about . it can truthfully be said that you pity those who seem to lack it . but with today 's astral configuration , you may need to turn down the volume of your voice in your romantic relationship . your partner may find that they have problems being heard . a gentle approach brings results . $ the depth of feeling that can move a mountain within your romantic relationship cannot be readily found today . with the planetary energy at play , you will have to use some higher spiritual principles to really make an impact . this means not going down the road of the ego but putting yourself in the shoes of your partner and really trying to see things from their point of view . $ this day could become very interesting romantically . the alignment of the planets means that there is a way out of all the other tensions and diversions that you experience today . this is , to be honest , a day when passion and deep feelings expressed openly and honestly have a way of relaxing you all over , thus making you feel good about a whole host of other things . $ there is a certain sizzle in the air today concerning the promise of romance . romance is perhaps not the word ; seduction by electrocution is more accurate . what supplies the energy is the high - powered charge from the planetary configuration , which makes conversations crackle with energy . there is no excuse for not having a fabulous evening , but it will take an interesting kind of vocabulary to make it more passionate . $ foreign shores may be beckoning you for a variety of reasons . either you are thinking of moving , or you have made a connection with someone from another country that is having a very profound effect on your life . with the celestial energy at play , another major step today may well bring you nearer to your goal of meeting . be open to interesting opportunities that could enable this . $ love , fire , and passion are hot topics with today 's celestial energy . you do not want these topics to just be a talking point . the way things are moving , you will only be able to discuss these things to a certain point , and then will be forced to make a demonstration . you may also discuss the possibility of discovering new areas of interest together , which will keep romance alive . $ as you are generally in love with love , you will adore the day 's planetary aspect , which brings you all your heart could desire in terms of a highly desirable and deeply exciting romantic situation . if you communicate with someone new , you may feel as though you have known them all your life - and perhaps for more than one life . prepare to be thrilled ! $ sometimes it can be the small things of life that mean so much , not the big events . today is a time when perhaps nothing extremely exciting will happen , yet you feel really understood and just happy that you are in the relationship you are in . perhaps nothing earth shattering is going on , yet it feels very secure and just so good to be where you are right now . $ you find the temperature unusually chilly today when you are used to it being a little warmer - we are talking romantically here . the planetary alignment indicates that you have quite a lot of work to do to get your loved one in a talkative , or even half - friendly mood . the secret may be to try and help them overcome any fears they may be secretly harboring - persistence will win . $ you may find the celestial alignment particularly difficult today , as you have very little real energy to cope with a certain situation . you could feel hemmed in by someone , and this is making you tired . it needs some careful talking through , which may not be easy , but it is definitely worthwhile . you will have to take the first tentative steps towards a real breakthrough . $ partners may seem to be going through some kind of phase you have never seen before , but then perhaps this holds true for you as well . the aspect at play is encouraging the mad , bad , and very different to emerge . you may decide to go somewhere completely new and forego old haunts . try something which really feeds that element of excitement in you and you will both have quite an unforgettable day . $ the day 's astral energy indicates you feel the need to relax concerning a certain close relationship after a period of tearing your hair out and generally getting all hot and worked up . finally , you feel as though a weight has been lifted off of your shoulders . you can sink back , confident in your knowledge that from now on everything is being taken care of by the cosmos itself . $ you may find yourself displaying quite a lot of impatience today . there may not be enough action to really tickle your palate . the celestial influences create the opportunity to talk about a whole range of things , but nothing seems to get done . you could discuss what you are going to do , in minute detail and how it fits in with the scheme of your life plan . are you already out the door ? $ you may enjoy the feeling of power you have today , but not other people 's reactions to your superior commands . the planetary configuration that is forming indicates that there is an undercurrent of irritation around that may not be conducive to parties or gatherings , especially if the food is particularly hot or creamy - there could be a tendency for it to get thrown rather than eaten . $ the celestial configuration will bring you to a clearer understanding of why certain difficult and embarrassing incidents have been happening lately . you would be wise to use the power of conversation today to get the ball rolling . you and your partner can come to a wonderful arrangement if you can be prepared to give to each other , rather than taking . this will bring swift results . $ you will do yourself a big favor today if you can just learn for once in your life to take some advice . you are usually so good and so willing to hand it out , but perhaps not always quite so pleased when someone else dares to suggest to you . the celestial energy brings you the chance to eat humble pie . go on - you might even enjoy the taste . $ today could be fairly action - packed , and full of the things you enjoy doing . the planetary configuration that is forming gives a carnival atmosphere to the day . before you and your partner set out to conquer the world , you may need to check that you have not forgotten to include anyone . you may both be full of yourselves and a little too over - excited . give others a chance to enjoy themselves , too . $ the planetary configuration today brings a more serious outlook on your relationships and on your ability to express yourself . you may feel unusually insecure about your appearance and about your feelings for someone . it is best , though , not to hide away , but to talk about how you feel . find out how your loved one really sees you . the reality will probably cheer you up no end . $ this is a great time for all romantic relationships , even if they have been flagging . the day 's planetary configuration indicates that they are more fun than usual , and also quite passionate , as well . it is fun to be together when possible and to share things , to be honest and open . if you have been dating for a while , go somewhere new , break with routine , and have a wonderful day . $ you like to know where you stand in most situations . either you are in command , or you have ways of showing your disapproval . with today 's planetary configuration , everything seems a little confused , like shadows in the night . you cannot second - guess what your loved one is thinking , and you will just need to be patient and wait until you get a clearer perspective . $ you may find the atmosphere today a little dull compared to the excitement you normally enjoy . you like glamour , glitz , and the feeling of being the center of attention . there is certainly a good energy between you and your loved one , but it is not particularly passionate , but rather more gentle and sedate . taking the time to listen is very beneficial . $ the day 's celestial configuration indicates that you have a day of real passion and romantic love in store for you . you and your partner may well discover new heights to your relationship through trying out something different together . if you are looking for romance , anything connected with gambling , philosophy , or movies will be connected to fun . $ the day 's planetary configuration warns that although you may be feeling full of life and energy , you may tend to go to extremes . if you and your partner are able to go dancing or out for a quiet drink , it could turn into something of an extravaganza if you are not careful . you will have a great time but remember to save some energy for tomorrow . $ you may not care what the odds are , how big a gamble it is , or even about the thought of losing . today you are only interested in the chase . you are willing to do whatever it takes to get the person of your dreams as interested in you as you are in them - even if this involves doing or saying anything outrageous . $ as if you do not already have enough on your plate , you have a conflict of interests , as well . you should focus on a certain important relationship , and on resolving certain issues so there is a sense of harmony . this means you can give more to your budding career . if you can combine both , you will have a great day and a truly wonderful evening . $ there is a wonderful quality of deep caring and passionate commitment about your close relationships today . you have now reached a stage where you feel you would like to make the arrangement even more permanent or recommit in some way . proceed with confidence and joy ! perhaps a honeymoon , or even a second honeymoon , is in the cards . $ whether you are at work or at home ( or both ) today , this is a great time to lay the groundwork for a relationship to blossom and become a little more passionate later on . invite someone you 'd like to know better to have a real conversation . there is a wonderful optimistic energy about - so do not be shy . it is magic that 's in the air . $ this is a day when you will not get away with saying just anything . if you are not being truthful about something , then although nothing may be mentioned , a little alarm will go off in your lover 's mind and this will be registered . the whole thing could surface again at an embarrassing moment . be truthful , and the day will move along splendidly . $ your partner may have had enough of your royal nature and feel like being alone today . you have a chance to show how much you care by allowing them time to themselves . if you complain and whine , you are bound to get on their nerves , affecting their opinion of you . you could do with a little space , as well . $ today you could well have a feeling of having lost out on some level . perhaps this is not so much what another has done to you , as what you have done to yourself . there may be an issue that has arisen recently about which you have not been true to your beliefs . you may have sold yourself short on some level . take time to think this through . $ the relationship you are involved in may not be so exciting right now . yet there is something very steady and comforting about it . whatever you do together , there is an opportunity to share something profound . a powerful blend of energies makes you realize just how lucky you are . the practical and the mystical create a sense of harmony that you appreciate deeply . $ today has that kind of spicy , passionate quality that you pretend you are above , but which you really enjoy . you are likely to find that there 's a double edge to most conversations . the kind of discussions you will be involved in , though , may lean toward persuading someone that you have a strong sense of commitment . spin your subtle web with words , and you will have a strong case . $ there is an air of real excitement around today . you have every chance of making a current relationship more stimulating and bringing a little fizz and sparkle back into it . you both need to spend some time apart doing your own thing in order to appreciate each other 's unique qualities . making space for your own interests will recreate good feeling between you . $ you often fall in love with love itself . so many passing temptations make you swoon and go weak at the knees . today , the planetary configuration may bring a grand and dramatic source of passion into your life . this is one who will not fade away but could hang around on more permanent basis . something you have dreamed of may be just on the verge of coming true . $ today you may need to adopt the image of a wise and erudite person who knows absolutely everything about everything , if you wish to have a chance of that special relationship . you may have to dig back into the depths of your memory to come out with that one profound statement you learnt so long ago . but that may just be enough ! $ you do not like obstacles in the way of your love life . so , you may not appreciate the positive side of today 's planetary configuration . it shows where a possible flaw or defect exists in your relationship , but also provides clues as to how you can go about changing this . work with it , rather than against it , and you will find that you are both drawn even closer together . $ you may just lap up the atmosphere today , basking in the attention coming your way . it is pretty obvious just how a certain person feels about you . but because you have a few other strings to your bow , you can afford to pick and choose . however , do not leave them dangling for too long as you could well miss out on an excellent opportunity . $ today your partner may have a desire to take you somewhere completely different . you both want to experiment with new ideas . this will do you a lot of good , especially if you have been going out to the same old haunts . you may find that it brings out a whole new aspect of your relationship and brings you closer together . $ in the scary world of romance and dating , there are so many uncertainties to be encountered . today you have every chance of one particularly scary encounter working to your advantage . because you feel bold and confidently in charge , you inspire a sense of trust . your newfound friend immediately adores you , and you wonder why you were ever worried . $ you have many options open to you today , but they all come through conversing with new people . the situation between you and another may come to a head , causing a potential argument . however , sometimes conflict can have a most beneficial outcome . it seems that through your heated discussion , you come to appreciate each other 's romantic potential , and happily a different story unfolds . $ this is not a day to let fear get the better of you . you have every chance of getting what you want , but you seem to be holding back unnecessarily . if you want to take things to the next level with that special person , you will just have to ask them ; there 's no other way to go about it . put on that winning smile , turn on the charm and go for it . $ your partner may need quite a bit of space today . you may not particularly want to be around your mate , anyway , as they seem very volatile and restless . it would be better to get out and do your own thing , which will save any arguments , and gives you a break , as well . tomorrow you will be back to normal . $ you could be wrongly accusing your partner . perhaps they are not appreciating you as much as you require . perhaps they forgot to bring your early morning cup of coffee , with low fat milk , up to bed . whatever the reason , give them a break . you need to see just how you too have played a part in any dissatisfaction . $ you have a strange sense of humor , as you only laugh at your own jokes . today your loved one may be encouraged to tease you about a subject that is revered . perhaps they have not realized that they are potentially risking their life with this one , but some people just have to learn . you can glare contemptuously , but do not take it too personally . it 's not worth it . $ this is a day that can bring people together in weird and wonderful ways . it is filled with unity and togetherness , so why are you and your sugar puff just not getting along ? could it be something to do with the fact that you are way too bossy , and want your loved one at your entire beck and call every minute of every day ? nah ! you say . well , think again ! $ you may have a strange tingly feeling up your spine when you consider the alternatives on offer today . the energy of the day may mean that you suddenly find yourself the center of attention . as this is your natural place , anyway , it may not be a surprise . but what is surprising is the number of potential partners who are willing to totally adore you . how sickeningly perfect ! $ you generally only have time for talking if it is about yourself , especially if it constitutes some form of flattery . the energy of the day , though , gives you the cunning edge of a used car salesperson , sleek of hair and slick of tongue . if you have set your sights on a particularly awesome being , you only have to talk them into dating you , and they 'll do the rest . $ the energy of the day brings out the seductress in you . you can prowl up and down in your most stunning and seductive come and get me attitude and wait for all those offers of a date to come your way . you could also still wear your slinky clothes and arrange to meet up with someone for some heady and passionate conversation , if possible . why wait when you really do not need to ? $ your loved one may be feeling a trifle restless . they may suggest they are fed up with sitting in every day patting the cat , or trying out your latest recipe for soup , and would like to do something a little exotic - extravagant , even . so , if this does mean agreeing to do something out of your routine , at least try and cooperate for once . $ today brings you to the brink of a deep relationship or very passionate affair . you may have been pondering the wisdom of such a move for a while now and trying to rationalize your way out of it . today your emotions could very easily overpower you , and you may not be able to resist . after this there could be no going back . $ this is a day that may bring out some strange new traits in your partner . you may have thought you had your sweetie entirely scoped out , and knew them inside out , but you could find that you are way off base . whether you approve of their latest escapades or not , you may just have to accept that there is more to your loved one than you could possibly have known . $ the day 's energy gives romance a fascinatingly passionate touch . there is that sense of an edge that you are very tempted to fall over . the person concerned has mystery and an underlying feeling of intensity that you have often dreamt about , but not come across too often . as you are very attractive , as well , the two of you could make an awesome couple . $ you may discover that rather than employing your usual sophisticated attitude , where you royally decree whether someone is a suitable mate or not , you opt for pure childlike wonder . you spot someone across a crowded room , and for once are happy to skip up to them and bowl them over with your natural and completely innocent ways . if this were cricket , you would have definitely scored . $ today you may decide to take the plunge concerning a certain very important relationship . you may have erred on the side of caution for a while now , but equally fear that the whole thing will get nowhere . this is a great time to start talking about the future of your partnership , and a growing feeling of real companionship and togetherness . $ your partner is all set to bewitch and bedazzle you this evening . you may have thought this was just another evening in , with a fish stick supper and cocoa before bedtime . but you could not be more wrong . your sweetest honey pie has a cunning plan to lure you into their arms and give you a night that you are not likely to forget in a hurry . $ when you fall in love , you like the person concerned to be all yours , and to devote themselves to you utterly and entirely . this is why you may feel a little puzzled today ! the energy of the day brings out some bizarre behavior in your partner . they seem mildly distracted and not their usual attentive selves . however , do not worry ; time will tell what the real problem is . $ if you feel that all dates are a dead - end today , and all the potentials you had lined up for tonight 's extravaganza seem to be positively neolithic , then perhaps you are right . the past is currently intruding on the present , and one special person seems to have regressed from a charming enigma to a shy little thing . do not worry - things are about to improve ! $ you may be sorely tempted out of your usual routine by someone from another country who has fabulous appeal , and who is also extremely seductive . the planetary configuration reveals that there is a past event linked with this present meeting , although the association may seem somewhat tenuous . it is nevertheless a sign that all is well and can only get better . $ although you are very much in love with romance and passion , it tends to be the fiery , rather than the watery kind . the planetary alignment makes this a time when you could meet someone who will knock your socks off . however , they may be the kind of person who becomes deeply attached , and who tends to cry a lot , which you could also find a little smothering . $ you usually take yourself very seriously , especially if anyone threatens to poke fun at your shortcomings . the planets are indicating , however , that you really need to see the funny side of a certain situation today . if a romantic partner has been behaving rather strangely , you may be tempted to take this personally - but do not . just see that for once they really cannot help it , and smile . $ what you want most from another person is to be the center of their universe . you adore being the one who hands out the cookies and decides just how many are eaten . today , however , you may be forced to acknowledge that you are not be the focus point of another person 's life , and that they have other interests apart from you , which you sorely need to accept . $ this is a day that brings to mind your love of glamour and all things bright and beautiful ( especially gold ) : beautiful jewelry , exclusive boutiques , and the most expensive restaurants in town . if the reality is that your current partner do not have two cents to rub together , and cannot even afford a fast food , let alone a takeout dinner for two , then you do have a problem . $ if your partner has been saying one thing , then changing their mind yet again , this could be about to shift today . the reason for their behavior may have been due to feelings of indecision , which in turn have been due to just not being able to get a clear picture of the scheme of things . gradually , as all the pieces of the puzzle come together , things will change . $ if friends seem morose and distant today , do not take it too personally . the planets are aligned in a way that makes people more introverted than normal . so , if that glittering evening of romance you 've been looking forward to seems certain to develop into a night of pure misery , it may be best to reschedule it for happier times . go off and do something you enjoy and leave everyone else to themselves . $ this day brings with it the opportunity to do something special for your loved one . if you have both been under a lot of pressure lately , then make the most of this lovely energy to try and enjoy some quality time together . go someplace where you can relax , have fun , and just settle back into the relationship again . it will do you both the world of good . $ this may be a time when you feel it is not right for you to settle back in a steady relationship with anyone , as you have been deeply involved for too long now . the astral configuration indicates that for today at least , you are more than happy to flirt from dawn till dusk , and thoroughly enjoy all the attention you receive in the process . $ this is a day where the quest for romance could be a little hard going . others seem keen enough to talk , and may offer a lot of information , but only up to a point . after this you can sense a barrier beyond which you will not be allowed to journey unless you pass some subtle test , devised by them , to stop certain people from ever hurting them again . $ if you are on the verge of starting a new relationship , the energy of the day may cause you to stop in your tracks . it might seem that you are speaking to a different person , someone you have not met before , rather than someone with whom you are becoming more acquainted . just realize that without a certain degree of conflict , your love life would be very boring . $ in asserting that you know best , and have all the answers , you may be doing yourself a disfavor as far as relationships are concerned . your partner may have a far better solution to the problem than you , but pride is stopping you from taking advantage of their superior wisdom . if you can bear to listen , you may hear something that is of real value . $ you can use all of your subtle charms to impress that special person you have had in mind for so long . they will appreciate the care and attention you pay to your appearance and will love the way your clothes are worn to reflect the latest trend , yet still give that sexy , irresistible look . you will almost definitely succeed . $ it is only through intense discussion that you manage to pry out that secret from your loved one today . you can only wonder why they have been holding something back from you . actually , there is nothing to worry about . they are not telling you because they do not want to make you feel at all obligated concerning a situation in which they really do need your help . $ watch out today that you do not annoy everyone around you , as well as your dearest love , by giving vent to a storm of protests and criticisms . the energy of the day is putting everyone on edge , but you do not need to rub it in . it may be better if you put all that energy into doing something that you normally dislike doing , rather than endangering your relationship . $ the energy of the day brings a sense of adventure to your love life . you feel inspired to go further and do more creative and inventive things together with your partner . there is also a renewed sense of warmth between you that helps to rekindle the fires of love and brings you to a deeper appreciation of each other 's good points . life is smiling on you sweetly . $ you dislike messy situations , preferring to know exactly where you stand in any given situation . but today 's celestial lineup means that you have every chance of beginning to understand the reason why your sugar honey has not been quite straight with you . rather than feel hurt , feel grateful that they have now had the courage to express the truth - which is not so bad after all . $ this is the kind of day you love . you can get your partner to indulge you beyond your wildest dreams . this is a night to revel in luxury , to dress up in gorgeous clothes , eat very expensive foods , have unspeakably delightful adventures , and go to extremes . have a ball ! $ your partner may be exhibiting some strange behavior today . on the one hand your friend is very self - contained , virtually silent , and you cannot even get a civil good morning out of them . on the other hand , they seem extremely restless , as though waiting for something to happen . there is no doubt that positive change is in the air - so be ready ! $ you dislike coldness and distance in any form . in fact , your warm sunny personality tends to show that displeasure by a display of even more heat in the form of fiery anger . there is a strong indication that someone special is giving you the cold shoulder , and you have not a clue why this is . if you can get any sound at all out of them , then the two of you should start talking . $ you may feel awkward today , especially as your sweetie pie seems to want to bring up that sensitive subject - the one you dislike talking about . but like it or not , you are going to have to hold that conversation and consider how you are both going to deal with this particular issue . do it now , while you have the chance to make positive change . $ if you are seeking that very special person , do not look for them in obvious places . you may well meet them at an online competitive game or while playing some kind of sport yourself . perhaps while on the track , in the gym ( if possible ) , or even in the pool , someone notices you as endorphins shirt into overdrive , and life takes on a rosy glow ! $ partners are in an interesting phase of mind today . they may wax metaphorical , ideological , and also very unconventional . you may get to appreciate a whole new side of their personality , while discovering some interesting things about who is really hiding behind that mask . get out and about and do some new and different things together that will bring you even closer . $ you could try reading aloud some modern poetry to woo the love of your life into your life . better still , you could try writing some . you 'll find yourself approaching the whole subject of romance in a new and unconventional life . dress differently , try a new scent do your hair in a new style or wear a flattering new accessory . basically , break from your usual routine and see what transpires . $ changes in your social status come through having the courage to move in new circles . not that you usually have any problem with this . but we can all get stuck in a rut , and it would not hurt to change your routine in this respect . it is a good time to get involved in some new activities , as this will boost your romantic life enormously . $ some very original pick - up lines will not go amiss today . hello stranger ! will not be one of them . you might try an original quote from the many talented ladies who have acted as first - class role models in the past . better still , just speak from your heart , even if it does sound a little weird . someone will surely appreciate your efforts . $ conversation opens many doors today , but it needs to come from deeper place within , rather than just idle chatter that helps to pass the time . expressing your feeling will give you the chance to share some truths with a loved one that you may have found difficult to talk about . it is a time of reconnection and reconciliation on all levels . $ some great and lively conversations are in store for you today . if you are attending any form of social gathering , no matter how small , then expect it to be fun . if you are single and looking for love , then do not stay at home ; accept any invitations that are given you and talk yourself hoarse . love comes through sharing your interests with others and allowing them into your world . $ your ability to get what you want could not be better today . if you are seeking that special romance , then you will find it by listening to others , and by taking the time to sincerely open up and help . if you are invited to a small party , be sure to go if at all possible , as it is here that you may spot someone you just know is on your wavelength . do not hold back ! $ you will feel encouraged to talk frankly and honestly - up to a point . on some issues you may be tempted to beat about the bush , and not make yourself completely clear . this would be a mistake , especially as you now have such a good opportunity to sort this situation out . do not try to dodge the truth ; just come out with it , as this is only way to a solution of the problem at the present moment . $ there is no time like the present for making changes , and to be honest , change is the only thing we can be sure about . the energy of the day now urges you forward . you have been dithering for some time on the edge of a new relationship but may now decide to take the plunge . it will certainly open up a whole new world for you ! give it a go ! $ you are in the midst of having some powerful insights about your current relationship . this may bring you to the realization that it has far more potential then you first thought . now is the time to focus on all that is good and positive about it , so that you begin to build the kind of future that you both crave so much . $ you may experience a great deal of abject moodiness , and not much happiness when it comes to your current relationship . you have every chance of enjoying yourself if you can draw your partner ( current or prospective ) out of their deeply pensive and introspective mood and get them to participate in some way . it may seem , however , that they are determined to do the opposite of everything you want to do . $ how long has it taken to get this far in the relationship ? days , weeks , months ? distance yourself for a while and take the long view . do not expect miracles all at once ; yet do not give up altogether . there is a lot more yet to be discovered in the partnership , so keep going , but give each other space . $ you can have a ball today . doing something fun together with your sweetheart will do you both a great deal of good . you need to find a way to talk to new and different people , so try communicating with some new social circles and broadening your outlook and horizon . take a risk and move into the unknown . pretty soon you will have some great new friends . $ today brings a chance to talk your way into that special relationship . you certainly have a way with words , and you certainly should use this to the fullest . just do not go over the top . you might find that you have to retract some of what you already said when you discover that the object of your attraction does , after all , have a few faults and foibles . $ action is required from you . not the usual kind where you move your lips and words tumble out of their own accord , but the kind of action that shows that you genuinely do care about your partner ( current or prospective )  's needs and welfare . a loved one is tired of your promises and would now like to see some concrete and tangible manifestation of your love . can you rise to the occasion ? $ you will be forced to think twice before making any sudden moves concerning your love life . you may be certain of your motives , but nevertheless it is still better if you can wait at least for another day before making any decisions . there is a possibility that you may not be seeing your intended one in the right light . time will reveal all . $ you may find yourself strangely reticent in conversations with loved ones . you may have the feeling that you cannot quite trust your partner ( current or prospective ) to respond to something you have to say in a positive and open manner . this will not really help the situation , and it would be better if you could be honest - if not with them , then at least with yourself . $ a certain relationship may be brought to a deadlock today . however , this is not really anything to worry about , as long as you take care to communicate any concerns or issues to your partner ( current or prospective ) in such a way that bridges are created between you , rather than trust being destroyed . in a few days , this rough patch will have cleared , and things will look rosy once more . $ you would do well to plunge yourself in deep and profound thought concerning a certain close relationship . change and transformation may seem like slightly frightening and insecure concepts , but they can also indicate a new phase in your partner ( current or prospective ) ship that could recreate the sense of magic that you felt right at the beginning . only this time you have a profound understanding of each other 's good and bad points . $ if you have been experiencing difficulties with a current relationship , then you may find things more difficult than usual today . it may be better for both of you to spend some time alone , or to go off separately and absorb yourselves in activities that are of great interest . later many things will seem clearer and easier between you . $ relationships seem to be a mixed blessing today . on the one hand you are both willing to do whatever it takes to create the right kind of changes and bring about a resolution to a particular problem . on the other hand , neither of you wishes to create a fuss , and in some ways would rather just let sleeping dogs lie . $ while you can never talk too much , you and your sugar honey may be tired of discussing the ins and out of your love life . it might just encourage you to re - ignite the flame instead , and attempt to rekindle the love that you both felt for each other in the beginning . you have the technology and equipment - all you need do is enjoy yourselves and be happy ! $ try explaining yourself today and you may find yourself becoming more than a little confused . you 'll find yourself speaking all kinds of truths and sweet nothings to your partner ( current or prospective ) , but will they still make sense tomorrow ? it is perhaps an idea to do something both romantic and creative together that will add to , and not detract from the relationship . $ passion is very apparent today ; you may feel a sense of experimentation within your relationship coming over you . you are both eager to try out new things in new places , and also to put your relationship to the test . you both feel it needs to move to a new level but are not sure what exactly needs changing . by opening yourselves to the unfamiliar , you will soon find out . $ how your romantic life proceeds today really depends on whether your partner ( current or prospective ) can understand the constant flow of gibberish that seems determined to rush out of your mouth . you are even more nervous and impulsive than usual and may send those closest to you mad as they listen to your constant finger drumming and toe - tapping . if you could relax you might make some sense . $ you will be provided with an interesting opportunity to get to know a loved one in a totally new and different way . everyone has sides of themselves that are hidden , and never or rarely surface . at the very least you may find you like your partner ( current or prospective ) twice as much , and you may even feel more deeply and passionately in love with your sweetie than ever before ! $ you will be bursting to finally spill the beans concerning how you feel about someone very close to you . you always like to keep part of yourself back , and dislike exposing yourself completely to anyone . but today you may wish to take a chance and allow yourself to be vulnerable . your sweetheart will know where they stand , and you will feel a lot better , as well . $ there will be a great sense of buoyancy in the air today . if you have been hiding in the dark recently , like a bat in a cave , then resolve today to meet some new people . if you have been feeling a little down in the dumps due to relationship difficulties , then go somewhere where you can cheer yourself up and have a good laugh . $ intense passion and deep feelings come flooding into your life today . you may meet someone whom you can trust almost immediately . opening yourself up and being vulnerable is hard for you at the best of times , which is why this is so good . it may be that you have met that special person with whom you are willing to share your heart . $ make use of the positive emotional energy around to sort out a situation with your current love interest . this is an excellent day for frank and honest discussion , which is what it is going to take to move through in a way that transforms some of the more difficult feelings into emotions that can be released . this will pave the way to real forgiveness . $ you may suddenly feel encouraged to let yourself go . romance and love affairs are very intense today , and you will not want to miss out on what could be a spectacular evening with all the trimmings . if you have had your sights on someone special for some time , then plan your attack now , while you have the best chance possible . $ love is about considering some new options today . life is a process of constant change ; nothing can remain the same . and so , with love , which needs room to expand and allow each person to grow and develop into the being they truly are . take time to consider whether you and a loved one are enjoying such a process of continuous and positive development . $ you can take it as far as you like today in terms of the ongoing saga of your love life . you can expect a situation to develop in which you finally have a chance to spend some time with someone you have long desired . do not wreck this opportunity by being too intense on the first date . allow your easygoing charm to lull them into a sense of security . $ try and get to know that special person . you may have thought about abandoning the whole idea of ever speaking , as they always seem so distant and aloof . but today your determination is renewed . you are going to find out what makes them tick and will not give up until you have solved this enigmatic mystery . $ for once in your life you can drop that profound and enigmatic wall of silence that usually surrounds you wherever you go . relax , and do not view every person that approaches you as a potential enemy . you really can talk more openly and freely without having to play those power games at which you usually excel . you will enjoy becoming involved . $ you know the power of words , and you also understand in greater depth the awesome power of feelings . you 'll have the opportunity to marry these two forces . if you have something to say to a loved one , then choose your words wisely , but also use the power of your feelings to convey your special message - in this way your partner ( current or prospective ) cannot fail to understand you . $ you may feel a sense of competition in the air tonight . if both you and a close friend have your sights set on the same person , then the evening will provide a unique source of entertainment . but do not let it degenerate into the kind of game that turns you both , unnecessarily , into rivals . you friendship do not need to sink to those depths . $ if you are talking with someone special for the first time , then just be a little cautious . you may be drawn very quickly into quite an intense situation that may prove later to be less stable and certain than you had imagined . discussion will not be particularly fruitful , either , at the moment . allow the relationship to develop naturally . $ today you will have the ability to access some of your deeper feelings so that you can talk to a loved one about how you really feel . you may be justified in your anger but focusing on those negative feelings will only make matters worse . if you can discuss your issues with openness and honesty you will find a new love developing that will bring with it some real healing . $ sometimes it is the difficulties that occur within relationships that later usher in a greater understanding and depth of communication between two people . right now , many unacknowledged feelings that have been causing unnecessary tension between you and your partner ( current or prospective ) are likely to surface . if you can work through these with a spirit of trust , then you may find your relationship considerably strengthened . $ you , more than most , understand the power of love to transform difficult relationships into miracles of heart - to - heart communication . the opportunity to transform one particular close relationship that may have been causing you a few problems will be handed to you on a plate today . it just takes courage to be honest , open , and vulnerable to make just such a change possible . go ahead , dare to be . . . $ today 's the day to think about getting to know yourself a little better . if your current relationship seems to be suffering , do not take this as a sign of failure on your behalf . rather , treat it as an opportunity to talk and to understand your partner ( current or prospective ) more deeply . the first step may be something of an effort - but ultimately very worthwhile . $ if you get the opportunity to talk to that special person today , then just be very aware of what you are actually promising . you may promise the earth when you actually have no intention of giving so much . if anything , it is better to offer less than you wish rather than more . at least that way no one will be disappointed . $ you will have the urge to express how you genuinely feel about the latest person in your life . you do have a tendency to hide your real emotions , but today you feel like saying it like it is , and this may do more to cement and strengthen the current bond than any of the more outrageous tokens of your affection you may have demonstrated lately . $ it 's time to put on that wonderfully romantic outfit , rather than your usual attire of black and blacker . you may also decide to take off your dark glasses , and remove that stony smile from your face , which makes it hard to tell whether you are happy or have a problem with some part of your anatomy . for once just be in love ! $ you 'll have an urge to make changes in your attitude toward one particular relationship . there may not be anything wrong with it , and yet you sense you have not tapped all the potential , and there are many more things that you could profitably explore together . this is a great time to try out some new things and strengthen the bond between you . $ you 'll say more than you mean to . if you are fed up with a current relationship , then a poorly timed sarcastic comment could be all you need to bring it to a timely end . especially if you are happy where you are , it may help to think before you speak . otherwise , you may accidentally say something tactless and hurt the one you love . $ think about making some new investments with your sweetie . if you want to rearrange your finances and make them work harmoniously together , then any plans made today will be extremely useful . if you are planning on some kind of investment , then perhaps it would be wise to look , but not to buy just yet . $ someone from the past may come back to haunt you today . although you may have been close at one time , it does not necessarily follow that you will be so again , although who knows . you may well have a lot more in common and wish to renew your liaison in the spirit of real trust and respect . $ now 's a good time to reconsider some of your ideas and beliefs concerning a current relationship . if you have been under the misguided apprehension that partnerships were all about angst , self - development , and the sharing of each other 's less desirable qualities , then be prepared to be thrust into an orgy of laughter , carefree caresses , and good - humored enjoyment . love can be fun too you know ! $ a deep emotional bonding with the person of your choice is likely to form . the relationship may begin with a rather profound conversation that nevertheless has very practical implications . it may then continue when you both decide that the discussion needs to be taken further , which would be better done somewhere far more comfortable , perhaps after a homemade dinner . sometimes love takes you by surprise . $ you may wish , for certain reasons , to stay firmly in control of your feelings , but this your wishes are not likely to materialize . you enjoy the iron grip you usually have over your emotions . however , you may find that despite your best intentions , someone close to you knows exactly how much you really feel for them . they know your heart is really a raging inferno ! $ the present planetary alignment may encourage you to close your heart to one particular person , because this is far easier than having to explain to them how hurt and upset you have been by their actions recently . however , turning away will only aggravate the problem . what you really need to do is take that first step toward some kind of conversation , as it is only this that can work the miracle you are secretly hoping for . $ your love interest will not allow you to spend another night at home when there is so much fun and excitement to be had ! the astral influence encourages a radical departure from your normal , everyday routine , and some experiments in new kinds of activities that you personally find liberating and fulfilling , and that your partner ( current or prospective ) enjoys as well . get out of that rut and learn to live again . $ the day 's planetary energy could spell the end of one particular relationship , especially if it has been on the rocks for some time now . if , however , you are merely going through a little rough patch , then do not allow the day 's events to dissuade you from trying again . you will tend to have a more pessimistic view than normal , but things should improve soon enough . do not give up ! $ today 's celestial alignment may enable a breakthrough in your love life . if you have been beset by obstacles , or by one major difficulty , by some miracle you just might manage to summon together all your strength and determination , and finally do what you know you must . if you have any doubts about your decision , they certainly will not remain after the deed is done . $ the planetary energy today may encourage you to sacrifice certain activities that usually bring you a great deal of pleasure in order to spend more time with your sweetie pie . you realize that various duties have meant that you could not be with them as much as you would like and are willing to do what it takes to restore a sense of balance and harmony . good for you ! $ today 's celestial influence does wonders for your love life . not only do you find that you both share the same kind of fantasies , but you also both discover that you enjoy a unique understanding , a sense of oneness that enables you both to know what the other is thinking without having to ask . use this occasion to celebrate your relationship and your gratitude for each other . $ you will benefit by taking the long - term view of your current relationship , rather than merely looking at it one day at a time . the present astral energy encourages you to get together and talk , not just about pleasantries , but do draw from the good humor of your hearts . share with each other and see what your prospects are for the future . there are many new horizons you can explore together . $ the energy emanating from the planets may dazzle you with expectations beyond what you would ordinarily consider reasonable . even though you usually understand the hidden agenda and the market value of any relationship , on this occasion you may be lured into thinking that this is the real thing . well , it may genuinely be real love for a few short hours , but soon enough reality will wake you up . $ just go a little crazy today , and wear something that really attracts attention . the planetary configuration is encouraging you to forget about protocol and begin to believe more in the sheer magic of nonconformity . if you are secretly looking for love , break all the rules and enjoy it ! this is not easy for someone who is a real traditionalist - but sometimes these things are necessary . $ if you are getting to know someone better today , do not get carried away , especially under the influence of the astral alignment . you could get all starry - eyed and persuade yourself that you want to be with them for the rest of eternity when you have only been talking with them a few hours . take it easy - there is no rush . allow some time to pass before you offer them all your most precious assets . $ even if you have been secretly hoping to find someone to give you a really warm hug this evening , the planets are radiating an energy that could cause you to instead end up in deep conversation . true , this could eventually get very intimate , but at this moment in time , this is as far as it gets . give the relationship a few days - and things should have turned in your favor ! $ the planetary energy is wonderful for meeting others who , like you , are interested in the deeper and more metaphysical aspects of life . if you are seeking a spiritual connection and the possible arrival of your soul mate , this could be one of those days when fate is on your side . remember that it is through sincerely sharing your own beliefs and convictions that this will come about . $ today , love may be based on a few misconceptions of the most tantalizing and rapturous kind . the current astral aspect may find you drooling over someone who seems to represent your ideal romantic partner . you follow their every move , hang on their every word , and cannot bear to let them out of your sight for a moment , for fear you might lose them . perhaps it 's time to grow up . $ the alignment of the planets encourages profound and transforming conversations . if you have been hiding anything or have been too embarrassed to admit to certain difficulties or faults , take advantage of this opportunity to sit down and have that talk . it may bring up a whole range of emotions , but ultimately will be very freeing . you will find that this process strengthens the bond between you . $ the celestial configuration provides you with an opportunity to find out just what your love interest means when they tell you what they feel . there are so many shades of meaning , and so many ways that you can fantasize and misunderstand words . so do a little talking and see if what you imagine is happening is really happening , or whether something else is , instead . you need to get real at this time . $ the planetary influences may be encouraging you to read things into a certain romantic situation . unfortunately , these things may not exactly be there . somehow you seem to be getting your signals crossed . it would be more helpful to begin to get a real sense of what is going on between you . it certainly will not make matters worse , and could even make them better . think about it . $ the celestial energy brings a few important issues to a head concerning a close personal relationship . you know that it holds a great deal of potential , yet there is one outstanding problem that , no matter how much you 'd like to , you just cannot ignore . it would help if you could both get together and talk openly about this , as it may not be as bad as it seems . $ the current planetary alignment creates a sense of conflict about whether to end a relationship . on the one hand , freedom is calling , and you long to be able to do what you want when you like . on the other hand , you have shared so many good times together , and with a bit of work on the partnership , this could continue . do not rush a decision ; just listen to your heart . $ if you have been considering how to tell someone just how you feel , you may get a lot of help from the energy emanating from the planets today . it will not only enable you to understand why you feel what you do , but also help you to express yourself more clearly . it would be wise to take advantage of this situation , as it is not going to last forever . $ although it may seem that your dearest loved one is ignoring you , rest assured that this is not intentional . despite the fact that they may seem to have been paying more attention to a certain other individual or situation lately , this really is for entirely innocent reasons . not convinced ? you will be soon , when they spring a big surprise on you , and you realize just how much they do care . $ do not let the day end with bad feelings about someone who is particularly special to you . the current position of the planets may encourage a sense of conflict , but this is not necessarily a bad thing , unless you are always trying to avoid it . the disagreement that you have today may actually take your relationship to a more powerful level , if they are handled properly . be kind to each other . $ do not expect to get away lightly with a certain discussion that needs to be held today . the present astral energy means you need to keep up with all that a loved one is proposing . this is a wonderful chance to move to new levels within the relationship , but it does mean that you need to be open to anything and everything , rather than merely wanting what you want . $ the astral energy encourages you to forgive and forget a recent problem with a close love relationship . whereas you may have been wishing for some kind of explanation , or at least an apology , you now wonder what all the fuss was about , and are more than happy to make amends . you realize that what transpired was not a personal attack , but a real misunderstanding . $ the celestial influences at play will help you focus your attention on a relationship that is particularly important to you . they will also help you face up to certain feelings that you perhaps have not been prepared to admit to yourself . if you get the opportunity to talk this over honestly with the person in question , it will really elevate the relationship to a new level . $ the planetary arrangement makes it possible to really appreciate just how supportive and wonderful your current or prospective partner is . even if you do not always see eye - to - eye , you are usually able to make up and forgive each other . perhaps it would be a good move to show your gratitude and do something extra special to make your sweetheart feel really wanted and needed . $ the energy radiating from the day 's aspect encourages you to initiate a date with someone special . but do not expect the evening be all starlight and cuddles , as there is too much of a down to earth influence around . you may find yourselves bogged down in conversation about subjects that are mundane . nevertheless , you will surely want to meet up again , as you will feel emotionally secure with each other . $ the celestial configuration may bring you closer to a certain person with whom you have recently become romantically involved . neither of you has exactly rushed into the relationship , yet you both have the intuition that you are meant for each other , and so time is not really an issue . you both feel secure in each other 's company , and are very content to deepen the bond between you . $ the planetary energy is encouraging a sense of righteous indignation concerning a recent tiff with a loved one . while it may be tempting to get all melodramatic , and gently dab your eyes with a hanky while putting on that pouting sulky look , it may not actually achieve very much . you would be better off to just say why you are mad , and have a civilized conversation about it . $ the planets are making loving relationships a slightly chillier option than usual today . somehow a loved one just is not in the mood for all that kissing and cuddling , and all the other activities you normally get up to . it may be best to make yourself really cozy and spend some time by yourself , and then arrange to meet up again in a few days . do not worry about a thing . $ the astral influence will make quite a difference to your love life today . it encourages you to talk to a loved one about what you would like to have happen for both of you , rather than merely acquiescing to their needs and wants all the time . this touch of assertiveness will probably do your relationship more good than all the love potions and tonics ever invented . $ this is a wonderful day to deepen the bond and strengthen your commitment to one particular very special person . if you and your love are planning to make your relationship long - term , then this would be a good time to arrange a party and inform everyone of your intentions . it certainly will be an amazing day to remember . be sure to take some photos . $ the current celestial events may dampen your enthusiasm for a certain relationship , but do not let this put you off from giving it a second chance . if you feel despondent about the way things have gone recently , and feel in need of some reassurance , then it may be time to do some serious talking . this , more than anything , will restore your spirits , even though you will both be quite serious . in the midst of all of this , do not forget what a wonderful bond you share . $ do not worry about what others think of you , especially in terms of current relationship decisions . there is bound to be some kind of conflict between you and your love interest , but this do not mean the partnership is bad or about to end , despite the opinion of others . it simply means that you need to compromise on certain issues , or agree to have your differences . $ the energy of the day is bringing out hidden emotions about a certain person . the problem is that if you try and make any decisions based on how you feel today , you may make a mistake . your perceptions are off kilter , and you may be under - evaluating or overcompensating for all kinds of perceived character traits that may not be really there . it is best to wait ! $ the astral alignment is bringing out the best in your relationship , so make the most of it . this would be the perfect time to arrange an outing , or to create a romantic atmosphere and cook a wonderful meal to celebrate all the things you have come to love and admire about each other . you have shared some wonderful moments together ; this is a chance to reminisce . $ if you have been hoping to experience the date of your life , then you could well be on the right track tonight . you have every chance that it could be the evening of your dreams . the only problem is that it may not be a night of passion , although you will probably discuss all of these aspects in great depth . however , never fear , the passion will come later . $ the energy radiating from the planets makes it easier for you to address the status of the relationship between you and your love interest . you know instinctively that your partner ( current or prospective ) has something they need to say , and because of your natural sense of compassion you are willing to help them work through it , not only by being an attentive listener , but also by having the courage to raise the subject in the first place . $ you may find that a certain event or even a revelation from within catalyzes you into deciding to do something about a current love relationship . the celestial configuration is encouraging you to take notice of why a certain problem seems to keep on reoccurring , and finally to do something about it . this time you will have to ability to pave the way for better relationships in the future . $ the planetary atmosphere may make partners seem rather argumentative right now . you may feel that yours is making rather a lot of fuss about nothing , and focusing on details that to you seem extraordinarily trivial and irrelevant . if you feel compelled to descend to the same level , you will only make matters a lot worse . it is best to keep a detached perspective and let this one blow over . $ you know what you feel , but do not want to think about it . the day 's significant planetary aspect makes you more than a little uncertain about how to tell a special friend what is on your mind , or rather , in your heart . contriving any set speech is surely doomed to failure , so just be your authentic self . people recognize when someone is not being completely sincere . $ the planets are making it possible for you to see how much you are giving encouragement to another to grow in confidence . although you tend to be more detached in your relationships , in this instance your warmth and kindness have really helped your love interest to be more their true self . this understanding will deepen the bond between you and also enable them to see how they can help you in turn . $ do not worry about not making the right impression today , especially if you are going out on that first date . all you need to get it right is your very original sense of humor . keep the conversation light , upbeat , and different ; in fact just be your unique self and everything will work out wonderfully well . you will probably enjoy many more evenings together . $ although there may be something very down to earth about relationships today , which you usually find it difficult to cope with , you will also find that it actually does you a lot of good to have to think in terms of the basic necessities of life . the celestial alignment is bringing you to a deeper understanding of what commitment really means . you would do well to learn this lesson . $ socializing and meeting with others is the name of the game today . if you are looking for romance , this is the ideal occasion to get out to any parties and events where you can make contact with new people . it is more through a meeting of minds that love will silently entrap you , rather than a purely physical attraction . $ the energy emanating from the planets makes you very popular right now , so if you have been contemplating whether to go out on that date tonight , the answer is definitely yes . but do not expect it to be anything ordinary ( as if you would , anyway ) . this could be quite an experience even for you , as you may find that you both share the same unique and original viewpoint . $ there is no getting away from it . you are going to have to admit that you can feel those green - eyed monsters of jealousy making you resolve never to fall in love again . however , it does prove that you really are warm - blooded after all , and can suffer the pangs of passion as much as most of us humans do . by tomorrow you will be back to normal again . $ you may find your passionate feelings about a certain person are creating a revolution in your life . you are realizing that there is no reason to worry about getting too carried away . intensity is the fuel that is keeping your relationship alive , and also keeping you on your toes right now . it is bringing a vital and wonderful breath of fresh air into your life . $ do not take it too personally if a loved one seems especially resistant to your charms . they may just want to spend some time alone , as you very often need to do . there is no point in being overwhelmed with intense curiosity or anxiety as to why they seem so offhand . accept that they need this space to reconnect with all that makes them truly themselves . $ matters may seem to be taking a turn for the worst today . yet if you can work through this situation and not shy away from the more difficult aspects of it , things could get a lot better . there seems to be one issue that is creating tension between you , but it is not that hard to resolve if you really want to . $ getting the right perspective before you embark on a serious conversation with your partner ( current or prospective ) is absolutely essential . you have quite a lot of issues to work through , and just diving straight in is not the solution . you both need to approach this in a heart - centered way and be kind to each other . this could bring about more positive changes than you can imagine . $ this is a wonderful time to organize a party to which you can invite all those people who have fascinated you for so long , and with whom you have always wanted to mingle . this may not be much of a day for romance , but you will encounter some interesting folk whose minds seem to run on the same tracks as your own . $ it is time to give a practical demonstration of your love for your sugar honey . but being the way you are , you will not want to give them a box of chocolates or a bunch of flowers ; you will have to do it in a truly original and unusual way . as long as you make the effort , it do not matter what you do ! $ the energy of the day encourages you to align yourself with those who have different or even opposing sets of ideals from those you usually associate with . the benefit of this is that you will meet people who widen your capacity to understand , think , and reflect on issues . relationships in this climate will be very different and exciting , and could offer you more than you are now experiencing . $ you may find that one aspect of a certain relationship that has had you confused and deluded for a while now suddenly comes to an end today . you suddenly see that the way in which you have been behaving with each other is inappropriate . but this revelation will then spur you on to discover better , more intimate ways of connecting . $ things may be very indistinct and rather confused where a certain relationship is concerned . yet if you do not run around trying to patch it up , you may be surprised to find that it begins to find its own natural level . it may not be going quite where you thought , but somewhere infinitely more exciting . it is better to relax and enjoy the ride . $ this is a very lucky day for impressing that special person with your unique brand of wit and charm . you probably will not feel in a deeply passionate mood , but will very much enjoy exploring the various avenues of their mind and their experience . you may also be lucky enough to discover that they already understand you more than you realize . $ you often find that in order for your most cherished relationships to succeed , you need to search your heart and then talk about how you feel . you often try and delay this essential process , but may not be able to today . if you have the courage to express what you are now experiencing , a lot of minor issues will clear up very quickly . $ the astral energy may make you look a little more deeply into why a certain situation has been causing you to feel put out . you could have been trying to gloss over the issue and pretend everything is absolutely fine . but today you may feel more able to handle the emotions that are arising , and to say what you have to say , which will bring healing . $ do not let your current relationship take you back unwittingly into an old habit that you have recently managed to break out of . the current astrological aspect offers the chance to see the situation from a new perspective and to understand what you need to do , and how you can both change in order to start afresh . this could be a very positive breakthrough for you both . $ do not waste a minute hanging onto regrets , as they will only weigh you down unnecessarily . the planetary constellation encourages you to let go of anything that is holding you back , and to take a positive step forward . you will attract a far better relationship if you can leave old emotional baggage out of the picture and focus instead on what you do want . $ the current astral aspect may make you want to tell your partner ( current or prospective ) how you feel about certain constructive aspects of your relationship . you may have omitted recently to tell them anything positive , which means they are not sure where they stand . let them know how much you care , in your own original way . $ you enjoy original friends and unique company , and could begin to feel stifled if your relationships begin to develop set routines . the celestial atmosphere today may make you realize that one particular partnership is becoming something of an institution rather than an enjoyable experience . it could be that you need some time and space to yourselves , so that you can reconnect on a deeper level . $ the celestial atmosphere suggests that you have a chance to explore a side of your relationship that you tend to avoid as much as possible . if faced with the possibility of discontent or discord , you normally try and change the subject so as not to have to become involved in unsavory arguments . but facing up to difficulties will actually pave the way to success . $ relationships are formed and broken and reformed and re - broken for many reasons . the current configuration of the planets is causing you to think long and hard about one such love match that has been on and off for quite some time now . it seems that neither of you can truly decide what you want . however , it may help to now decide what it is you actually need from each other . $ the favorable aspect of the day means you have a potentially wonderful and very sociable day ahead of you . try to be a bit more assertive with your partner ( current or prospective ) , rather than simply hooking up and going along wherever they suggest . you would benefit from getting together with your own friends and participating in activities that are generated from within yourself . $ the position of the planets today means you have a chance to make amends with someone you were once romantically close to , and yet felt you had wronged in some way . the nature of the hurt may not even have been that bad , but for some reason you feel guilty . use this time to start a new chapter in your relationship , and learn to laugh freely with each other again . $ the position of the planets today indicates that one particular bond is strengthened , but you will have to talk about how you feel . it seems that there is something that you need to discuss , the thought of which is making you quite fearful . however , you only need to take the first step to discover that , in fact , there is nothing to be frightened of at all . just open the conversation without blaming or accusing undertones and you 'll be glad you expressed your feelings . $ the current planetary configuration may make this quite a magical day , especially if you have someone special with whom you are about to go out on a first date . the atmosphere will be one of heady excitement as you begin a whole new and fascinating romance . there will also be a sense of being on a journey , and of learning and discovering many wonderful new things . $ someone you once knew may well make a surprise appearance in your life today . today 's aspect indicates that while this may be a little startling , you will find that you have both learned quite a lot since you were last involved with each other . this could lead to a renewal of your relationship , which you had considered to be over and done with . $ the position of the planets today encourages you to go to extremes and do as you please , regardless of whether your current love interest is happy about this or not . you may find the restrictions of your normal daily routine to be too boring today , and so determine to do something radically different . in fact , it may be a good idea for you to get away and do something alone . $ this is a good time for going ahead with changes in your current relationship . today 's planetary alignment gives you the confidence and faith to do whatever you have to do . if this involves going out on a first date , then you will have a really good time , with lots of fun and laughter . you will rediscover how good it feels to relax and be yourself . $ the celestial atmosphere encourages you , as far as love and romance are concerned , to actively pursue someone altogether eligible . this is not your normal style , as you are usually far too proud to make it known that you have feelings . but something in the air is encouraging you to give a nod and a wink instead of a cold stare . go on - make someone 's day . $ today 's planetary alignment implies that even you may be surprised by the turn of events today . an unexpected meeting may be just the tonic your love life needs to get it back on its feet . while the person in question will certainly be unique in more ways than one , it has to be said that you are also . the two of you together could make some wonderful music . $ you may not be able to understand what is happening between your partner ( current or prospective ) and yourself today , due to today 's planetary alignment . just as things seemed to be getting more settled , a situation comes along that throws everything into disarray . rather than getting even more worked up , it may be better to allow this influence to pass by . you will find that , in the end , it do not really matter . $ you know all about love ; it 's just a pity that no one else seems to share your viewpoint . the planetary alignment today means you may be tempted , just for the sheer pleasure of being different , to celebrate your own valentine 's day tomorrow , or whenever seems appropriate . but this is a day to make others feel good , so give your sweetheart a genuinely nice surprise . $ the current planetary alignment brings with it a wonderful day when you will feel free to explore a new relationship . someone you have recently met is beginning to seem like very good news . you may have been worried when you first encountered them as to how it would all go , but a while into it now , you are realizing that getting together has been the best thing since sliced bread . $ today 's planetary aspects mean that you may be challenged to inject some enthusiasm into your relationship , especially if you have not been giving your partner ( current or prospective ) the time and attention that they deserve . there may not be anything particularly wrong , except that you have been caught up in other things and just not able to give of the best of yourself . determine to change things now . $ developing a relationship is a learning process , and we are quite often drawn to those who can teach us the most about ourselves . the celestial atmosphere means that you have a chance to uncover more about why you became involved in your current relationship , and what you should be learning from it . this may also help you answer another important question that has recently been on your mind . $ the planetary alignment today encourages you to travel far in pursuit of a way to view a recent relationship disaster in a new light . while it is absolutely necessary to allow yourself time to get over it , there is no point in beating yourself up , or feeling so bad you wonder if you will ever dare to become involved again . looking at this event in a new light will help . $ the astral configuration today means that you may have been so involved with the ethereal aspects of your current relationship that you have neglected to pay attention to the more mundane side of the partnership . rather than be brought down to earth with a bump , it may be better to start dealing with all your practical chores while there is still plenty of time . it will not be as bad as you think ! $ the position of the planets can help bring a little mystery and magic into your relationship . if you and a loved one would like to celebrate your love for each other , then you can do so by creating a wonderfully romantic atmosphere with a few unique touches of your own . allow yourselves to bask in the heavenly feeling of each other 's warm embrace . you will both feel better for doing so ! $ today 's position of the planets encourages you not to give up on trying to get that all - important date with a certain person . it really is a matter of perseverance and patience . if you are already involved in a permanent relationship , then use today 's wonderful atmosphere to enjoy some time together , doing all the kinds of things you love to do . there is some real magic in the air . $ if you really want something positive to happen today , then make sure you take the more unusual path to achieving it . today 's astral configuration encourages unconventionality , especially in your relationships . if you are searching for someone who shares your unique view of life , then you may be in luck . but how and where you find them will be a complete surprise . $ the current astral configuration may mean personal relationships go through a heavy phase today . yet this need not cause you any trouble at all if you are prepared to do a little groundwork to clear up any existing problems . the only difficulty is that this may cause you some dismay at the thought of having to wade through some of your recent emotions . $ today 's position of the planets may kindle a fire within you that you do not even know you possessed . if you are about to embark on a new relationship , then you may find that it starts on a more adventurous and passionate note than you ever even suspected was possible . although this is a radical departure from your usual mode of behavior - you may well find yourself enjoying it . $ today 's position of the planets may encourage you to feel much more enthusiastic about someone than perhaps you really are deep down , which is not unusual . you may see this person in a certain light , which creates the impression that they are almost too good to be true . but no one is perfect , and it is better to assume that they could have feet of clay . $ there is certainly no holding back someone today especially if they intend to let you in on the secret of how they feel about you . the planetary alignment today creates a space for ardent feelings to be expressed . although you generally like to keep things on a more platonic and friendly level , you too may be in the mood for some passionate revelation and could quite enjoy the attention . $ the current astral configuration brings you an opportunity to see one particular relationship from a different angle . while you are normally quite good at doing this anyway , today your perceptions are even more heightened . even though you do realize just how much you both share , with renewed insight , you also get to see that there is particular aspect to the partnership that is a sheer magic . $ if you think you may as well stay at home and do what you want to do solo , rather than go out on the date you arranged this evening , then in one sense you may be right , especially with the celestial atmosphere of today . yet if you want to open up to another person , and share your deepest fears and greatest hopes , this option is open to you , as well . $ you may find yourself haunted by a persistent idea , or - dare it be known - an actual fantasy . the celestial atmosphere today brings heaven to earth , if you can find time to allow this to happen . whatever has come to pass in your love life recently , you can make a fresh beginning today by listening to the subtle voice that bids you to be different . so take another , more interesting path . $ sometimes it takes an event that acts upon us like a bolt from the blue to get us to change our attitude toward life and love . the planetary transits may create such an opportunity in the shape of an incident that could leave you stunned . however , once you realize that this is not the disaster it first appears , but rather a unique experience - you will be ecstatic . $ the astral configuration could help you break out of difficult situation within a relationship in a way that promotes true friendship . if you have been having difficulties with your beloved then take the first step of being honest and telling them exactly how you feel . then allow yourselves to both express all that you genuinely feel . you will be pleasantly surprised at what can now take place . $ friends certainly know how to get you all wound up today . the planetary alignment brings up a tricky situation , in which you can decide to either take something further , or simply not bother at all . there seems to be no middle ground - no halfway house , no let 's see how we get on . either you do or you do not . take your time in order to choose wisely . $ the celestial lineup makes for quite a revealing day . there are many opportunities to get out and about and to have a wonderful time . romance may catch you off guard , as you could meet someone who shares the same sense of humor : witty and slightly off center . you have much to discuss , especially your taste in humor . this could be a long - term laugh . $ mixing with your own crowd of very adventurous friends could be where you will encounter romance today . it is not a good day to stay inside , and you probably feel so enthusiastic about everything that you do not want to anyway . being with the in crowd gets you the chance to meet someone unique and crazy just like yourself . enjoy the occasion . $ many fond memories may be evoked today . you have an opportunity to go back into the past and perhaps contact people you used to know , or get reacquainted with your old romantic haunts . you may come across an almost forgotten but familiar face , which sparks a sentimental memory . do not ignore this , as it could be very worthwhile . $ you often hope for that perfect romantic holiday . however , you are usually so busy doing your own unique thing that you sometimes do not notice romance until it has already overwhelmed you , and you are absolutely swooning . this is very much where you may find yourself today , already smitten and wondering what just happened . do not worry : you 'll eventually come around to it most enthusiastically . $ this could be a great day for all kinds of activities connected with relationships and artistic talent of any kind . it could be while promoting someone else 's art that love comes rushing toward you - all smiles . you may feel something special at first sight , and at the very least great warmth and a natural compatibility . perhaps you were made for each other ? $ you may find love in some pretty weird places today , but that do not mean it will not be deeply meaningful . perhaps your love interest - to - be has the kind of occupation that your mother warned you about . yet this person could have a sense of humor and a zest for the original side of life that matches your own . it is worth a try . $ the current planetary configuration brings you many things today . surprises , even though very little shocks you anymore . hope , and lack of hope , love and fear of losing out to love . . . . you walk as if on a tightrope surrounded on either side by empty space . although you may feel as though you are on a roller coaster , relax - the ride is meant for your enjoyment and it will be fine . $ use the softening and soothing effect of the current planetary alignment to lull you and your partner ( current or prospective ) into a deeper sense of security . allow the ebb and flow of the cosmic tide to immerse you in a nest of dreams that give you both a sense of hope , purpose , and direction . allow any difficult conflicts that may have recently come between you to be smoothed and melted away ! $ the position of the planets means that you may find yourself trying to block the possibility of certain progress within a close personal relationship . your partner ( current or prospective ) may have plans or ideas that seem to you too different and possibly a bit extreme . however , you may be doing yourself a disfavor by being so stubborn . for once , dare to let out the child in your soul . $ you feel a definite affinity with someone whom you have recently met , and seem to click with them in the depths of your being , as well as at the pinnacle of your intellectual understanding . today 's position of the planets helps bring this understanding home to you today , and you perceive just how fortunate you are to have come into contact with a person to whom you can truly relate . $ the present astral configuration may blow your socks off . you normally keep your passionate side well hidden under smart clothes and a no - nonsense approach to life . but something within you is certainly unleashed as you realize just how much you feel for someone , about whom you have been pretending to feel nothing . you have no option but to face up to the truth , which is great news . $ sometimes the process of thinking can bring a ray of sunlight into a situation that has seemed impossible to heal . today 's movement of the heavenly bodies encourages you and a loved one to take advantage of this influence to see the situation from a different vantage point , especially if you have been going round and round in circles . before you know it , you will see the end of the tunnel . $ the planetary alignment may clarify a dubious situation . you may not have been aware of all that has been festering behind the smiling mask of someone you know well . however , today an event may trigger a reaction that certainly shows you exactly what they are made of , and what their motives are . you may decide to take some radical steps based on this new insight . $ the present celestial atmosphere means you have a chance to allow the depth of your feelings show a little more . with the help of this aspect , you can bring more warmth and sunshine into a relationship that you have desperately been trying to control , for fear that it could all be too much for you , and may stop you from getting on with your work . go on , be a devil , and let your hair down . $ the current aspect gives you the ability to laugh where you may have recently wanted to cry . whatever the situation that tormented you , you will be able to see it in a new light after today . but then , you may also get some help from a person whom you know well , but have not considered in a romantic sense . they will help you see the light . $ recent conversations have brought you closer to understanding someone special , perhaps closer than you had ever thought possible . the planetary alignment now demands that you take some kind of action to secure what you have so painstakingly built up . invite the one you adore out somewhere original , and make them a very special offer they cannot refuse . the chances are they will only too willing to agree . $ today 's position of the planets allows you to plan a warm and seductive scenario well in advance , to be sure of ultimate success . you may have been wondering just how to attract this prize catch , when you are suddenly rewarded with the answer . all you need now are the right clothes and the perfect atmosphere . the natural chemistry between you will certainly do the rest . $ sometimes it really does take a sledgehammer to crack a nut , as some nuts can have extremely hard shells . the present astral configuration indicates that you may have just this dilemma today concerning a problem within a current relationship . however , it seems that destiny plays a part in deciding just how large and powerful the blow actually is . the problem certainly will not want to hang around . $ today 's position of the heavenly bodies means that a situation between you and your beloved that had become a real and tangible obstacle to true communication may gradually begin to ease and soften . you can begin the process of discovering what went wrong , and how you can both make it right . the key is to be gentle with each other , and to really listen . this will bring healing . $ there are times to sit tight , and times to take swift action . today 's astral configuration tells you that this is one time to make a move . you come to the sudden understanding that you have dallied too long , waiting for circumstances to be right before you dare express how you really feel . you now realize you could lose out altogether - so go for it , and do not look back ! $ you can decide to close your heart completely , and keep it this way . or you could allow the force of love to bring you out of this relationship funk , and begin to think about what it would be like to let someone new into your life . today 's planetary alignment acts like a ray of sunshine , bringing new hope and potential into your life . $ perhaps it 's because you seem to be smiling so much more , or maybe it 's the influence of the current astral configuration that puts that extra sparkle in your eye . whatever the reason , you may well find that you meet up with someone who finds you truly delightful , in all senses of the word , and who manages to get you to forget about your responsibilities enough to make you laugh . $ the celestial atmosphere today may actually mean that you get to see what is true within a certain relationship situation , and what is , and has been , false all along . before you reach this stage , though , you need to sit down with your love interest and have a conversation . it may start out awkwardly , but if you both persist , a lot of goodwill will come out of it . $ today 's position of the heavenly bodies indicates that whereas you may have been holding very firmly to certain principles , an event , conversation , or insight may make you aware of the futility of maintaining this stance . you and your darling love both realize how much it means for you to change tack on this issue , and your new attitude will certainly make things better for both of you . $ sometimes it happens that as one door closes , another one opens . this could indeed be the scenario , with today 's planetary alignment . where a relationship or one chapter in a certain relationship may have ended , another new one may be about to begin . an event today brings you a great feeling of warmth and cheer , and opens your heart to the possibility of a better future . $ the present astral configuration may bring to your attention an issue that you have been trying to push to one side . the fact that it is on your plate right now indicates that this is the time to sort it out . you only have to acknowledge the truth about how you feel to your partner ( current or prospective ) , and this in itself will create a major breakthrough . healing is on the way ! $ you need to be persistent , and yet keep a low profile as far as love is concerned , especially with the planetary transits of the day . any brash or inappropriate declarations of love may have the opposite effect on someone you badly wish to influence . you are usually very disciplined about these matters anyway , but this person needs handling with kid gloves . if you think it is really worth it , then keep going ! $ do not underestimate just how much a note or a card expressing your love for your partner ( current or prospective ) can do to make them feel really good . if you have been too busy recently to give them the attention they deserve , then the cosmic climate today could encourage you to create an atmosphere of deeper happiness and harmony within your relationship . so , pick up your pen and start writing . $ if you have been trying to organize your current love affair along certain lines , or have been trying to get it to fit in with a particular routine , then you may find that today 's cosmic climate encourages one or both of you to break out . love cannot blossom in such an atmosphere , and if the love between you is true , then it needs more space to thrive . $ the planetary alignment today heightens your feelings to a considerable degree , so that when a certain ravishing and delectable person catches your eye , you may find it virtually impossible to contain yourself . thankfully , there may not be any need to , as there is every chance that they will find you equally attractive . it will certainly be a very interesting meeting , and could develop into something quite profound . $ you may find yourself feeling incredibly irritated today , especially with the present astral configuration . the slightest remark from your partner ( current or prospective ) could put you into a real temper . so perhaps it might be a good idea to call this an opportunity to go somewhere quiet and peaceful where you can recharge your batteries and connect with the deep calm within . then you can be a sweet as pie to a loved one ! $ the position of the planets could make you so set upon a course of action concerning a current relationship , that you forget to question whether there could be an alternative , and perhaps more suitable way to go about things . you may have decided , but not discussed anything with your partner ( current or prospective ) . before you go any further , sit down and have some sort of conversation about what to do next . $ the present planetary alignment could sweeten your day considerably when you are invited out for a meal with someone elegant and well informed . this is just the way that you like to spend time : wining and dining in the company of one who is delicious to look at , and who also has a lot of influence . even better news : you will find them extremely likeable , as well . enjoy your lunch . $ a rosy glow spreads over you while dealing with financial matters , or when doing business with someone new . the position of the heavenly bodies means that your feelings could rise to fever pitch , although you will feel duty bound to keep your cool and maintain a professional outlook . you will certainly want to invent a reason to get in touch with this person again , and your instincts will be spot on . $ one particular insight is likely to have an interesting effect on your love life , especially with today 's planetary alignment . you may meet someone who does not agree with your views or ideas on a certain issue that is important to you right now . but it is through discussion that you recognize the brilliance of their mind and their mastery of language . despite conflicting opinions , you are smitten . $ today 's planetary configuration means that hopefully you have all your appointments plus that all - important date scheduled in your diary . and that before you leave to meet your brand new love interest you will have checked the time and the place , and that you also know how to get there . confusion reigns and there is a chance that you may get in a muddle and miss out . $ the planetary alignment today may bring you a startling revelation - one that you may have preferred not to have known , and yet are secretly excited about . it involves a potential relationship with someone risqué . this is probably someone who you really should not be thinking about in such heavenly ways , because these thoughts are preventing you from working efficiently . but you know you will give in , and it will be quite delicious ! $ the position of the planets today means it is time to shake off your workday image , unleash your wonderful personality from its social restraints , and just go and enjoy yourself . if you have a party or a date , then it will really act as a tonic to your spirits and revitalize you in many ways . there is a chance that someone could be attracted by your droll sense of humor . $ today 's position of the heavenly bodies could be just what you need to create the necessary changes in a certain relationship . you may wonder just how you are going to go through with this , but it is this somewhat defensive attitude that has been stopping you from making progress . today you will find that you have all the necessary courage and energy to do what needs to be done . $ today 's position of the planets means that you may want to postpone an outing or a date . you could be overreacting to a recent event that made you question the motives of your latest love interest , and also your own for becoming involved . if you can talk this through in an adult fashion , you may find you have nothing to worry about . it is certainly worth a try . $ if you are used to roving over the same old ground in your conversations , then it may be of benefit to you to get out and move in some new circles , especially with the present planetary alignment . you may then get the chance to meet someone who certainly encourages you to say a few things , mainly in genuine appreciation of their great looks and cool attitude toward life . $ even if your partner ( current or prospective ) tried to coax you to come out and play , you would most likely refuse , especially with today 's planetary transits . it is at times like this that you quite enjoy the melancholy feeling that rolls over you . you can sit alone and watch one of those weepy movies that uses up so many boxes of tissues , and generally have a great time . $ the position of the heavenly bodies today brings you the chance to find out just how sweetly and tenderly someone close to you feels about you . even though you may have found it difficult to trust , you will discover that your barriers begin to fall , from today onwards . you see something about the way they express themselves that shows you they really care . why not tell them that you feel just the same . $ a surprise meeting certainly gives you a lot to think about , with the current astral configuration . you may almost think about walking away , rather than taking up the offer of a date , simply because it all seems too quick and too sudden . but you would benefit by taking a risk and acting on your instinct if it tells you this would be the right road down which to travel . $ the planetary alignment at play today gives you the ability to be both detached from , yet very much together with a certain person whom you currently find quite fascinating . you are watching to see what makes them tick , and also to decide whether they are the catch that you think they are . but you also find them so witty and such marvelous company that you are smitten anyway . $ planning what you are going to talk about on your date may give you all the necessary confidence and reassurance that you need , but it will not be the best way to go about things . the position of the planets today encourages you instead to allow the discussion to flow naturally into whatever subjects crop up . . . this way you will find you both relate beautifully . $ the planetary configuration means that it is a very positive time to talk with your love interest about your desire to make a deeper commitment to your relationship . you will no doubt have many things that need discussing , but this is also a joyful time , because the feelings you have for each other are now very solid and secure . it is important to take the time to know each other 's thoughts and feelings . remember to celebrate later on . $ today 's aspects cannot help but put you in a more open and spontaneous mood , and encourage you to be bold and brave enough to let someone you deeply admire know how you really feel . instead of keeping your emotions bottled up as you swish around this person efficiently carrying out your duty , consider speaking out . they will be pleasantly surprised when you reveal the truth . $ warmth and enthusiasm win the day when it comes to romance . the celestial atmosphere is encouraging you to give support to your new partner , and to invite some of your friends over to meet them . if both of you feel somewhat nervous about this prospect , you will find there is nothing at all to worry about . your love interest is a unanimous hit . just do it - be brave ! $ a square between the moon and neptune may make you feel out of touch with reality . it may also mean that you have a tendency to fall in love at first sight today , especially if you are attending any parties or social gatherings . in fact this may be good for you , as it would mean that you will not have a chance to think too much , and could therefore meet someone very special . $ you may need the surprise that is due to come your way today , even if you do not think you do . today 's astral configuration indicates that your partner ( current or prospective ) may have some news for you that could at first seem quite shocking , but then once you have thought about it and digested the details , suddenly seems like a golden opportunity in disguise . you will be extremely pleased , despite initial reservations . $ the energy at play today may make you initially more reserved and cautious in your attitude toward someone rather special . all your fears and paranoia surface with a vengeance , and you may become convinced that their motives are far from noble . yet you are probably mistaken . you would benefit from unfreezing your attitude and allowing some warmth and generosity into your heart . when you change , they will change . $ the planetary influences of the day will melt the last vestiges of resistance that you have been putting up against the advances of a certain person . there may not have been any particular reason for this , as you know that you are just playing hard to get . today you will not be able to play any longer , as the feelings have become too strong . $ it is not really like you to sit and stew over a disagreement between you and your beloved . yet with today 's planetary alignment , you could feel as though you have reached an impasse , and do not know what to do next . perhaps rather than more thinking , some action is called for . just let them know how things are with you and that you want to talk . $ the current planetary energy makes something you were completely certain about seem less sure . a current relationship may suddenly seem to be collapsing , due to forces beyond your control , leaving you wondering exactly what is going on . but do not let this worry you ; if you just let things be , you will see that nothing has been undermined , it is just an illusion and all is well . $ it will help you to stick firmly to your inner feeling about a certain relationship , and to refuse to be dissuaded from taking the course of action that you know is best . the current astral configuration indicates you have considered the issue deeply , and are even willing to admit that you could be wrong , yet a persistent hunch has become too overpowering . listen to what it is telling you . $ the planetary configuration brings some sunshine into your love life and assures you that all is well between you and your love interest . you are safe to express your joy that they are your partner ( current or prospective ) , and to suggest you go out somewhere interesting and entertaining just to have some fun . you will feel happy to share some of your deeper feelings , and they will appreciate this also . $ sometimes those whom we imagine to be upright , normal , hardworking and solid people turn out to be very different when we eventually get to meet them . with today 's celestial energy , someone you are going out with on a date may not be anything like you had hoped . they may be threatening to your image , but they will be exciting to be with . $ today 's astral configuration brings with it a golden opportunity to smooth over the cracks that may have appeared in one particular relationship . there is a wonderful atmosphere in the air that is healing and soothing . why not invite your love interest out for a meal and do some talking ? initiate the kind of conversation that will melt your hearts , and help you to realize how much you care about each other . $ the current astral energy puts a smile on your face and introduces a ray of sunshine into your life . if you have recently left a relationship and have been feeling quite sorry for yourself , then a meeting today will cheer you up no end . this may not be the great love affair of a lifetime , but it will bring the chance to be with someone warm and human . $ you may find your relationship is stirred up under the influence of the current planetary energies . you may even be wondering if you are actually having a relationship or not . however , the conversation that this dilemma encourages will actually bring you closer together . it seems that both of you have had certain grievances that you found it hard to talk about . today you manage to do so . $ you can deal with today 's events in one of two ways . the current astral configuration indicates that you may be tempted to refuse to say anything , and withdraw from your love interest completely . the better option would be to face your worst fears about what you believe is happening , and then talk to them to find out if there is any truth in it or not - this is a more healing solution . $ barriers and boundaries exist to keep things within limits , and to stop them from encroaching into inappropriate areas . today 's astral energy may encourage you to keep your feelings held back for fear that someone you greatly admire will see how much you care about them . under normal circumstances you would not mind , but in this instance it could be extremely embarrassing . do what you think is best . $ the current celestial energy indicates that you will have a need to let go in order to allow your deeper feelings to emerge . you could actually hold them back , but this would not be helpful in your current situation . if you have been trying not to rock the boat because you are worried about what others may think , then maybe it is time to create havoc . perhaps you should just go for it . $ the current astral atmosphere gives you the chance to ask a few pertinent questions , and then to act on the answers you receive . your love interest may have misunderstood you concerning a certain issue , and it is this that you need to put straight . but the problem is that in doing so , you have something embarrassing to admit yourself . it is best to come clean and to stop pretending . $ the current aspect at play will make your day , as far as a certain date is concerned . you may have thought that you were going on a business lunch with a client , but after a very short while , you realize that there is more to it than simply work . you could both be powerfully attracted by something in each other , and it may feel like a spiritual reunion . $ you are not so naïve as to be able ignore someone 's financial status as you fall in love . you realize that you need money to live , and the best relationship can suffer from a lack of it . today 's celestial energy indicates that if you are getting more deeply acquainted with a person , then you will be very happy with what they are earning , as well as their position . $ today 's celestial energy gives you the opportunity to taste the pudding without having to eat the whole dessert . if there is someone whom you have had your eye on for some time now , then you will have the chance to talk to them , and find out quite a lot . you can then decide whether you want to go in for the kill , or pursue another object of desire . $ the current astral energy could imply that an unplanned event occurs somewhere in your world today , and that has very specifically to do with your love life . much as you like to have advance warning of these kinds of things , there is no way you are going to get that kind of privilege . you will be thrown straight into the deep end , and will have to learn how to swim immediately . $ the current celestial energy plays havoc with your sense of reality , and possibly your love life . things you took for granted between you and your loved one may seem to be in jeopardy , because all kinds of thoughts and feelings that you are not normally prone to may be flooding your mind . do not let this worry you ; it is just a passing state . $ today s aspect at play may mean that a certain conversation starts out on a serious note , but don t let this put you off the rest of the time . it could be that you both need to air certain issues , not necessarily connected with your relationship , but with life in general . once you realize that you can both trust each other , you will have a ball . $ the planetary alignment could stir a few things up in your love life , especially if you have become too complacent recently . if you and your partner ( current or prospective ) have been in need of a challenge that will enable you to pool your resources , then you may find you are offered a real opportunity that could seem like the answer to a dream . go for it ! $ you are in for a treat , with today 's planetary energy . there is a wonderful feeling of harmony in the air that will enable both you and a loved one to enjoy yourselves . whether you re able to go out and do something or stay in and create an atmosphere of perfect intimacy for just the two of you , you will feel a lot happier for having spent some quality time together . $ today 's interplay of celestial energies could cause you to question your feelings about someone close to you . your heart may be telling you one thing , while your mind may be going along a completely different track . it is difficult to resolve any situation while in a state of conflict - so it would help to have a plan of action that you can put all of yourself into . $ do not allow your adherence to a routine to stop you from going out on a limb and deciding to do something spontaneous for once . the current planetary energy seems to want to interfere in your daily habits , but only so that the cosmos can offer you a gift of love . if you get an intuition to do something different , then for goodness sake , go for it ! $ today could be quite enjoyable for you , as the current aspect indicates that you need to spend some time with a loved one making plans and reaching certain decisions . something about your current arrangement needs to be formalized so that you begin to make progress and reach a certain goal or bring something to a successful conclusion . the more detailed you can be , the better . $ the current aspect at play is wonderful for dissolving knots , tensions , and barriers within a current relationship . if you have both been going through a difficult time recently , then use this great opportunity to do something special together and recreate that warm and loving feeling between you . try a romantic meal for two or streaming your favorite movie . do anything that will help you to relax . $ the current planetary alignment is creating just the chance you need to get to know a certain person whom you have admired from a distance for some time . all you have needed is the opportunity to strike up a conversation and so get them to notice you . although it may start out as an intellectual relationship , it could turn into something more promising later on . $ the current celestial energy could indicate that as far as a current partnership is concerned , there may be a source of tension present . this seems to involve plans for the future , and also the beliefs you have about each other , and your relationship . it could be that you are being unrealistic and over - ambitious in one or two areas . get this right and everything else will fall into place . $ as you often tend to bury your concerns and worries behind a façade of busy activity , you may find yourself working your fingers to the bone today in order not to have think about the actual state of your love life . the current aspect at play indicates that before you make yourself ill , it is better to do something positive and take a productive line of action . do not procrastinate ! $ the current astral energy enables you to see just how far you have become hooked into this current relationship , and whether this is healthy for you or not . it is fine if you are both happy with each other 's company and are making progress , but if one or both of you are holding something back , then it is better to be honest with each other . $ a romantic situation that you find yourself in will soften your heart , which may have become hardened by the recent ending of a relationship that meant a lot to you . the current astral energies imply that the person you get to know could take your mind off the hurt and pain that you have been feeling , and help you to feel as though you could dare to love again . $ love is passionate and fiery , with today 's planetary energies . if you are video chatting with someone for the first time , then you will both know immediately that what you have between you is far more than just a casual affair . you also know that it is going to last a lot longer than a few short weeks , yet may have to keep this to yourselves - until the time is right . $ today 's planetary alignment means that a conversation could lead to a very interesting romantic situation , if you can be laid - back and relaxed enough to allow this - and also providing this is what you really do want . perhaps you should get into the right frame of mind and body by releasing all tensions within you before you even start the day . do not miss this chance . $ today 's aspect significantly broadens your horizons . you may strike up an interesting conversation about literary topics like your favorite classic novels or the hottest best - seller . but the discussion is likely to continue for far longer than you initially imagined . it could take a long time for you both to actually complete it . before you know it , you 'll be dating on a regular basis . $ life is full of change and transformation today , with the current interplay of astral energies . you may find that matters between you and your beloved are more than a little intense , but do not let this worry you too much . it would do you both good to get into deep conversation and really let off some steam , rather than pretending that you both feel absolutely fine all the time . $ after finally getting to know the person of your dreams a little better , you are no doubt feeling triumphant . the current astral configuration , however , encourages you to calm down now and take things more slowly . it would be nice to acknowledge that you are officially an item and give each other a chance to settle into the relationship . $ you may feel a great deal of oneness with someone , under the influence of today 's celestial energy . whatever else you may have felt between you recently , a certain conversation that you hold today will convince you that you are absolutely right for each other , and that your paths and destiny are irresistibly entwined . expect to feel a great deal of emotion as you become aware of this . $ you are starting to see the light on a problem that you have been wrestling with in association with your career . long - term goals that seemed impossible are now within your reach . pay attention to what others say today . the answer is there . $ truth is being withheld from you and there is nothing that you hate more than not knowing the truth . work situations could get ugly in the today so be prepared to go into battle with your head held high . a great deal is at stake so be careful . $ your work seems like drudgery today - even more than usual . you will feel uncomfortably chained to a situation that simply do not resonate with you . do not be too rash and suddenly decide to quit . this is just a passing phase that will soon end . $ you are likely to get bogged down in an emotional drama while working today that you simply have nothing to do with . do your best to stay above this conflict by keeping your focus on your own work and your own needs . rely on only yourself . $ you have tremendous influence over others today . use this to your advantage . you have the ability to build a good team of solid workers among your peers . feel free to delegate tasks . you can accomplish much more than you thought possible . $ you are in good favor with the people you communicate with today . your tremendous good luck has pulled through once again and you will find yourself standing in the right place at the right time . your preparation is finally meeting up with opportunity . $ team - members you work with will give you the boost you need today to get your work to the level it needs to be at . ask advice from others but do not be afraid to go out on your own . working independently will be quite rewarding for you today . $ you have brilliant ideas and power behind them . now all you need is the discipline and the grounding to manifest your dreams on this plane . use this energy to take the important steps necessary to bring these dreams into reality . focus , plan , and organize . $ your forward - thinking ideas are good , but they need to be refined . seek the advice of others . do things with a partner . there is no need to re - invent the wheel , especially when you have the resources at your fingertips to meet your goals with ease . $ the brave and somewhat reckless tactic you may have taken with a project lately is starting to backfire . now you are seeing the results of your immature approach . compensate by taking some time to deal with the cold hard reality of the situation . $ trying to make light of a sticky situation will not be easy today . other people are more emotionally entangled than usual . co - workers will snap without any notice whatsoever . tread lightly and try to stay out of trouble . $ overall , you are operating through a very discouraging time with regard to your career , and it may be difficult for you to keep your chin up through it all . go easy on yourself instead of expecting too much . your time will come . be patient . $ a goal that you set for yourself about three months ago is being met with difficult opposition . do not throw in the towel quite yet . instead , use this difficult time to modify your plan and come up with a more realistic approach to your dream . $ financial matters are in your favor . this is a good time to ask for a raise or a promotion . it would not hurt to buy a lottery ticket after work either . your luck is quite strong , and you have the opportunity to benefit from this luck monetarily . $ take a more conservative approach to your work and all career matters today . you will gain more respect from peers and employers when you reveal your steady , grounded , and practical side . there is no need for bells and whistles . just hard work . $ working with others will prove to be extremely rewarding today . join a team of forward - thinkers who are not afraid to express their radical ideas . this is how positive change is achieved . you have the potential to make great strides under their influence . $ make sure you slow down and consider all of your options before making your final decision . your tendency will be to make a snap decision today that is likely to backfire later on down the road . consult others before making your big move . $ feel free to break from your normal routine today . this is a good time to experiment . you may discover that a new procedure is actually more effective than your usual one . be patient with others who may not catch on as quickly as you do . $ do not be a pushover today . make sure you stand up for yourself when you know that someone is trying to hand you the short end of the stick . be sure that you are getting fair pay and fair recognition for your services and hard work . $ just because you are uncertain of the future do not mean that you need to be scared of it . indecision about how to proceed may cripple you today . remember to act out of faith and not from fear . in this way , you will be led down the path to success . $ your mind is opening up to a new idea today , so let it . encourage your imagination to explore the possibilities without the nagging little voices that say you should do this or should not do that . be aggressive and think beyond the normal realms . $ your spunk and enlivening personality will win you big points today . do not be afraid of letting your true self shine . doing so will earn you great favor with your employers or potential employers . a high - energy approach is best . it will come naturally . $ you are the important piece of the puzzle today . you will find that effectiveness in the workplaces increases several fold once you put your energy into the group . put your two cents in when you know that something could be done a better way . $ you are the important piece of the puzzle today . you will find that effectiveness in the workplaces increases several fold once you put your energy into the group . put your two cents in when you know that something could be done a better way . $ you can make terrific progress in your work today by cashing in on one of your many ideas . do this by homing in on what is most important to you and presenting it in a concrete , stable , and grounded manner . a loose - knit proposal will not fly . $ your ability to relate to other people on a truthful , honest level is a key part of your success - especially today . there are many charlatans at work all around you . if you can stand out as being one who sticks firmly by the truth , you will prosper . $ you will reach a point of frustration today , as more and more ideas come your way . the problem is that you are likely to get overwhelmed too quickly . take a step back from your work and gain perspective , instead of getting bogged down in confusion . $ you are feeling a bit discombobulated and out of sorts with the environment . something you say to one person is likely to have a negative effect on someone else . try not to say anything if you can help it . keep your opinions to yourself . $ something that you had invested much hope and many resources in is suddenly meeting with opposition from all angles . there is no need to jump ship at this point . adjust your course , but do not give up just because the waters have become rough . $ break away from the normal routine . get out of the rut that you normally fall into on a normal working day . change your surroundings . move your desk around . do something different . doing so is your key to a surge of creative energy in the workplace . $ break things down with co - workers who can help you see the flaws in your plan . it is time for you to make a significant change in your career , but this can only happen by utilizing the wisdom of others . you are not likely to see this change yourself . $ this is one of those days in which it really comes down to not what you know but who you know . be aware that connections with other people are your most valuable assets today . keep your phone book handy . make calls when you need to . $ a pushy co - worker may seem like a threat to you , but on closer examination , you will see that if you work together with this person , you will actually accomplish quite a bit . there is no need to view others as enemies when they are really allies . $ someone will give you an important piece of information today . double check facts before you automatically trust what this person has told you . the information will be tainted , so be careful of what you consider truth . the lines may be blurred . $ get your work done early today . get up an extra hour or two before you normally do and take advantage of this valuable time . you will be much more productive in these early morning hours . when the afternoon hits , so will the laziness . $ a situation has come to a dramatic climax and great tension exists . do not deny your involvement in the difficult situation that has been created . acknowledge your part of the greater whole and work to create better harmony with everyone involved . $ the opportunity you have been waiting for will come your way today , so be on the lookout for it . keep in mind that this good fortune may not come with any major bells and whistles . it will be subtle - so keep your eyes and ears open at all times . $ you may get quite frustrated with others since everyone else seems to be taking themselves too seriously today . at the same time , people are getting frustrated at you for having such a light - hearted approach . do your best to find middle ground . $ a burst of much - needed energy comes your way and you will find yourself in a good position to make the necessary advances in the workplace . do not underestimate your powers of persuasion . you have more power than you think - so use it wisely . $ you have the recipe for success so apply it . pick one idea instead of ten and move forward with it . you have the potential to make tremendous strides in your career today , so take advantage of this energy and go for it . nothing stands in your way . $ the pace of your work has been so fast and furious lately that you may have skipped over a very important detail or opportunity . just because yesterday is over do not mean that you cannot benefit from revisiting some of its valuable ideas and people . $ you may get bogged down in work that do not exactly appeal to you today . try to delegate as much as you can to people who can do this work more efficiently than you can . there is no sense in fighting an uphill battle . your time is too valuable . $ calculated risks are key to your success today . you have the potential to do extremely well for yourself . do not underestimate your good luck . you operate under a very lucky star and this luck has the potential to bring tremendous fortune your way . $ skirting around the issues today will not get you where you want to go . you are better off facing the music . when you do so , you will actually find that they are playing your tune . opportunities in the business world are picking up for you . $ your ideas are being fueled from all sides today . support is coming from all over . you are in a terrific position to move ahead with your plans , so go ahead and take action . if you are hoping to go out on your own , now is the time to do so . $ your timing is perfect today so do not rush , yet do not lag behind . most likely , the less you think about the sort of pace you need to keep up , the more in sync you will be with the people around you . luck will come naturally when you go with the flow . $ a wonderful idea that comes to you in the morning may get a bit too watered down by the time the afternoon rolls around . go with your first instinct instead of doubting , modifying , and downgrading this idea until it no longer makes any sense . $ you may be frustrated by a lack of energy combined with mental confusion . do not worry . instead , embrace the gifts that come when you take a break , let your mind become still , and listen to your instincts . slow down , and success will come naturally . $ take a short trip today . if you have any work to take care of in a town or city nearby , this is the day to get it done . break out of your normal routine and embrace a change in scenery . doing so will make you extremely productive . $ feel free to take on the role of the pioneer . move with bravery into uncharted territory . act out of faith instead of fear and you will be supported and rewarded for your efforts . if someone needs a new and innovative idea , you have it . $ your thinking is right on target , but your concentration leaves quite a bit to be desired . your ideas are good , but your application of them is not so good . do your best to focus and implement your good ideas and you will be tremendously successful . $ you will skip over an important detail if you are not careful . take your time . you may have to slow down , but this is fine . slow and steady really does win the race today , so move with caution and check all the road signs twice before you proceed . $ a radical shift in energy makes you feel like your efforts are actually getting you somewhere . you are not just a hamster on a wheel . you are a prosperous , successful , and extremely lucky individual who is on his or her way up in the world . $ information will revolve around the truth today - something that definitely works in your favor . you are a champion of the truth , and this quality will win you big points with others . do not be afraid to flaunt this fact to people in your workplace . $ sorting out truth from fantasy may not be especially easy today , since both aspects seem to be intertwined in the new information that is coming your way . ask questions before you operate on the assumption that all the facts you encounter are truth . $ someone who has a rather shortsighted approach on the issue at hand is creating problems for you . beware of those who oppose you just because they do not understand . there is no reason for you to get bent out of shape because of someone else 's error . $ an important conversation with someone is not likely to be very clear today . everything you say seems to be misinterpreted . do not make any formal agreements without getting anything in writing . otherwise , you will be in trouble later on down the road . $ focus on larger trends instead of getting caught up in the daily ups and downs . work - related gossip and petty ideas are likely to get you down if you let them . do not be so susceptible to these passing trends . turn your attention to something greater . $ a friend or business partner gives you a boost of confidence that inspires you to move forward on a large project . take this inspiration as a major sign from the universe that you should delay no longer . a venture begun now will certainly flourish . $ feel free to make important executive decisions even though you are not necessarily in the executive 's chair . your judgment is sound , and you are well liked and respected by the people around you . use this to your advantage and you will be rewarded . $ this an extremely favorable time for you - a time in which you can make great strides in whatever you are currently working on . you have the tools you need to make great progress . on a day like today you even have the motivation to use them ! $ work to find the pitfalls in your current plan . play the part of the devil 's advocate . usually you are so focused on the bright side that you fail to see the dark side . do not be short sighted . prepare for the worst while hoping for the best . $ your overall plan is much greater and more expansive than those of the people around you . as a result , do not get slowed down by the people who are not thinking on the same level that you are . stay focused on your largest goals and dreams . $ team up with someone you work with instead of trying to do everything by yourself . having someone by your side will make the day go by much more quickly and smoothly . furthermore , you will be twice as efficient as you would be working alone . $ you have the perfect amount of ambition and courage , combined with good relations with others , to be extremely effective at work today . both these fantastic talents will be recognized and highlighted , so do not be afraid to show them off . $ listen to what other people have to say whether you agree with them or not . your fanciful and optimistic mind may not like the reality check coming from others , but trust that it is for your own good . you stand to benefit a great deal . $ this is a fantastic time of year for you to move forward with yearly goals that you established around the time of your birthday . huge leaps are possible for you right now . taking the time to plan and review is key , as opposed to just acting blindly . $ your high energy and good - natured spirit are in high demand . people will be open to your viewpoints and willing to give your expansive perspective a try . even if your idea is a shot in the dark , there is a very good chance it will succeed . $ the overall exuberance and forward drive you felt over the past four weeks shifts in a new direction today , marking the start of a new four - week phase in our yearly cycle . for you , this means slowing down instead of speeding up . be more calculating . $ consider taking an online drawing or writing class . do something to get your creative juices flowing . the more you can infuse this imaginative spirit into your work over the next few weeks , the better off you will be . start now with simple doodles on a pad . $ gears have switched . you are suddenly in a different place today than you were in yesterday . you are in a better place now - a more confident place . the actions you take will be much better supported by the people and events around you . $ there is an opportunity opening up in which you can explore more freedom in the workplace . your ideas are blending well with others , and those around you respect your innovative and boundless approach . you will go further than you expect . $ now is the time to explore your creative ideas and desires . make sure you are in a position that allows you to expand and grow . stagnation is like death for you . if boredom sinks in with your job , then you know it is time to find something else . $ someone else 's scattered and haphazard approach will create friction for you during the morning . conflict with this person will be quite difficult to handle on all levels . try not to make too much of a big deal out of it . let it go and move on . $ leave extra time to get to work in the morning . for the next three and a half weeks , the planets will not look favorably on short - range travel . be prepared . make sure you have working jumper cables handy . you or someone you know will need them . $ an authority figure will come down hard on you today because of your dreamy nature . your head will be in the clouds and someone in power wants to bring you back down to earth as quickly as possible . he or she may do so with a slap on the wrist . $ you are well positioned to be a pioneer . embrace your wonderful adventuresome spirit and put it to work in an area of work or study that you feel passionate about . turn over a new leaf . you will be pleasantly surprised at the results . $ you can ride the wave of good luck and good fortune today , but only if you are able to disregard those who continue to have a negative attitude about your situation . do not concern yourself with their unhealthy and shortsighted perspective . $ you are likely to be quite frustrated with events regarding work . nothing you are doing seems to remedy the situation , making you even more annoyed with the people and circumstances around you . relax and do not worry . the situation will improve . $ relating to others will be difficult . you may have to spell things out letter by letter . take nothing for granted . other people will not be able to understand the abstract concepts that you present . be patient and practical in your communication . $ if you need to make an impression on someone , do not worry . initial communications will go extremely well . other people will have no trouble seeing you for the fun - loving , intelligent , and open - minded thinker that you are . you are in good standing . $ the events of the day will be very frustrating to you , but this does not mean that you have to get upset or angry . remember that although you may not be able to change a situation , you can at least change your reaction to the situation . $ whenever you have doubts or frustrations about your current situation , stop and take stock of what you have . be thankful for the gifts that have been given to you instead of wishing for things that you do not have . you have more than you realize . $ ease into the week slowly . now is not the time to make any sudden moves or major decisions . you may still be in a rather languid and lazy mood thanks to the weekend . pace yourself instead of breaking your back as soon as you 've begun . $ your optimistic speculation is useful in some instances , but it will do you more harm than good on a day like today . solid facts and hard evidence are needed . fanciful ideas will lead you and the people around you in the wrong direction . $ you will meet up with a very important partner . this is the support that you have been looking for . this person is a benefactor of some sort . together , the two of you can work magic that you could have never done by working alone . think big . $ help elevate others to a higher status instead of looking down on them . do not be judgmental . if someone is unsure of how to proceed , take time out of your day to give him or her sound advice . these good deeds will have significant payback later on . $ undercurrents of frustration will permeate the day and there is very little you can really do to remedy this . most of this tension stems from the fact that others are not willing to change the way you are . encourage others to be more trusting . $ overall , you will feel especially strong , setting the stage for tremendous success in the workplace . you are at a particularly high point with no reason to be afraid of falling . if you want to take a step upward , now is the time to do so . $ if you are in doubt about a certain issue , do some research . visit your local library and renew your library card . search reference books and ask around for local resources that may be helpful in your quest for this particular knowledge . $ you are getting frustrated with other people 's antiquated thinking . introduce new ideas at work and emphasize the overall efficiency that these ideas will create . anything that will create harmony will be very much appreciated . $ you are fired up . other people had best move aside because you are on the move and you are getting things done . you may feel a bit frazzled since you have so much energy to burn , but overall you are feeling good and moving with great confidence . $ a missing piece of the puzzle reveals itself and you suddenly discover that you have been barking up the wrong tree . you easily bounce back and re - focus your attention where it needs to be in order to come out of this sticky situation on top . $ your dreams are important to you and right now you are frustrated because these dreams seem to be standing still . they may even be moving backward . do not get down on yourself for this . realize that this backward movement is part of the process . $ your general mood is extremely upbeat and positive , and even though others will try to shake this mood , you will stay strong . other people have a very fanciful idea of the truth that does not match your understanding . herein lies the friction . $ you are feeling super - charged in all ways . there is a greater force behind everything you do and everything you say . you can accomplish a great deal , so stay on track and go after the things that matter most . you are fully supported at this time . $ you are feeling outside pressure that tells you should conform to a certain way of thinking or method of working . perhaps you are starting to lose confidence in yourself because of this outside pressure . do not . instead , flaunt your unique style . $ there is a very expansive feeling to the day and whatever idea you have will be multiplied or amplified in some way . this is fine , but make sure you verify your intentions with others before moving forward recklessly . check in before you proceed . $ for the past several weeks , you have received misinformation on something that is important to you and vital to your success in the workplace . thanks to the cosmos clearing up , the truth is revealed and you are able to work with it constructively . $ today marks the start of a four - week cycle in which you will be either reaping the rewards or realizing your failures . this is a very climactic period for you , so get ready for major evaluation and change . $ the day starts out on a rather sour note for you and unfortunately , it is only going to get worse . it is important that you nip small problems in the bud . otherwise they will fester and get much more difficult to deal with in the afternoon . $ work with what resonates with you instead of letting someone else talk you into a situation that is not healthy for you to be in . listen to your instincts instead of getting pushed around by people who claim that they know what is best for you . $ unexpected opposition will come to you in waves . your defenses are already weakened by the climactic point you are at in your career . the last thing you need is extra aggression from others . unfortunately , you are going to get it - so be prepared . $ many ideas will come your way and you will come up with big schemes of how you should change jobs and start a new business , get degrees in something new , and save the world at the same time . it 's certainly okay to dream in this manner . $ you are likely to get a nice pat on the back from someone who recognizes and appreciates your hard work . you are on top of the world today and as a result , it is not a bad time to ask for a raise or a promotion . others know that you deserve it . $ your flexible and adaptable nature will be a key asset . other people are being very stubborn , but you have the power to loosen them up and help them see the humor in the situation . you can help open their eyes to a wider perspective . doing so is key . $ you are good at the idea end of things , but now is the time to deal with the reality end of things . it is essential that you are practical and stable so that you can actually manifest the dreams that you have been dreaming for so long . $ you may not be feeling like yourself and others will question what is wrong with you . do not pretend that everything is okay when clearly , it is not . be honest so that people can help you in the areas where you need extra support and encouragement . $ this is a very intense time of month for you , so do not beat yourself up if you are not feeling your strongest . it is natural for you to reach a low point during this time . it is simply part of the natural cycle of things . deal with it the best you can . $ you hope to find escape from the difficult issues you 've been dealing with . unfortunately , however , the level of intensity continues - only the people and the setting change a bit . try to maintain your sense of humor . $ even though this may be your day of rest from work , mentally , it may not feel like a day of rest at all . your head is spinning with ideas . see a movie with someone . escape from reality for a while . you are in no mood to concentrate or think clearly . $ the week is off to a slow start and you are having a hard time getting into the rhythm of the day . nothing you say seems to come out right and you feel like you are not in sync with the people around you . do not worry . this is just a passing phase . $ before you tell other people how to proceed , make sure you know whom you are dealing with . the person you are talking to may be more experienced than you are and he or she is likely to get insulted by your presumptuous nature . be careful . $ a difficult situation eases thanks to the help of someone who comes up with a creative solution to the very problem that you are wrestling with . this idea may seem far - fetched at first , but upon closer examination , you will see the potential in it . $ your counsel to others will be extremely valuable to them . you have a very elevated and broad perspective on the issue , and this is exactly what others need . the trick now is for you to be able to counsel yourself and follow your own good advice . $ this is your day to get organized . gather up all the scattered pieces of your life and put them in proper order . develop systems to make your job more efficient . the days to follow will go much more smoothly if you take the time now to consolidate . $ do not jump the gun on a long - term trend that you have been following . during the next few weeks , this trend will be moving backwards instead of forwards . wait until things start moving forward again before you commit fully to this new enterprise . $ as the day wears on , you will feel more and more social . you will long to be surrounded by good company . get your fill in now before the workweek gets underway . if you do have to go to work today , the company of others will get you through . $ you are in direct conflict with someone and there is simply no way to avoid it . this person is talking at you in circles , in an effort to confuse you in some way . do not be fooled , and do not get thrown off track . stick to the matter at hand . $ while you are desperately trying to cheer everyone else up , it seems as if everyone else is trying to pull you down . there is an emotional weight to the day that is making it difficult for you to stay on the sunny side of the street . do your best . $ be careful of how you present an idea or concept to other people . your innocent suggestion could easily be interpreted as mutiny , aggression , or insubordination . in short , things are likely to get blown way out of proportion - so be careful . $ you are at a starting point . this is the time to make a resolution to yourself to take a new step in your journey up the ladder . look for signs all around you . subtle messages from the universe are helping to point the way . be receptive to them . $ mental combat of some sort is likely to be a common theme for the next couple weeks . other people do not agree with you and they are not afraid to tell you and the rest of the world that this is the case . you will find yourself in a defensive position . $ your spirited nature is highlighted even though you are moving through a rather rough period overall . being able to maintain a sense of humor about everything , including your work situation , is especially important thought this difficult time . $ you sense that others are taking on a more serious tone even though you may not be at work . the people you are with cannot seem to loosen up , and this is bringing you down . you do not want to get weighed down on a day when you are playing . $ you will team up with other independent workers and share your experiences . you have each been working on your own separate projects , but now you need to share your progress with each other and present what you have learned and developed . $ a tremendous restlessness is brewing within you . unfortunately , this one will be difficult to shake - especially during the next two months . your energy is scattered and haphazard . when in doubt , follow your intuition . it will save you . $ you will become quite frustrated by a lack of action in the workplace . you are waiting for a bold move to be made , but it never comes . hold on and be patient . it will . now is not the time to jump the gun in any way . you need more information first . $ do not try to turn everything into a larger issue than it has to be . things are likely to get blown way out of proportion today if you are not careful . words are easily misunderstood , and people are more sensitive than usual . use tact at all times . $ abundance is all around you . maybe it is time to say goodbye to old , outdated ideas so that you can embrace this new , abundant energy . be decisive and take your time . excess baggage will bring you down in the future . streamline now for best results . $ playing mr . nice guy ms . nice gal at work gets you far , but it may not be getting you quite as far as you truly would like to go . you would like to strive for something more - something bigger . use the next four weeks to evaluate your approach . $ whether you 're seeing faces on your screen or constantly messaging your co - workers , you feel that you 're in a strong community of others . this is making the day extremely fulfilling . a sense of family is strong within this team , so have fun and enjoy it . $ communication with others can bring you to exactly where you need to be . opportunity awaits , and you 'll find this opportunity when you share your experiences , your knowledge , your desires , and your fears with the people who hear your voice and read your messages . $ be more critical of your own ideas . yes , it 's hard to do when working in isolation , but many times you get so caught up in the excitement of new ideas being born that you 're unable to sort the reality from the fantasy . today 's energy will help you make this distinction . $ someone you thought was your friend and ally will say something that starts your blood boiling . your automatic reaction is to write this person off forever . look at the situation with a different perspective . this person is actually doing you a favor . $ your mood is not especially strong so do not pretend that it is . there is no sense in fooling others into thinking that you are feeling okay when you are not . you need extra emotional support , so do not be afraid to ask for it . others owe it to you . $ since you are such an honest person , you expect others to be honest as well . unfortunately , this is not always the case - especially today . it seems that you cannot always trust the people around you . be on guard . you may get swindled if you are not . $ use what you know instead of making up things that you do not know . someone 's mental banter is quite ferocious , but this does not mean that you should tune this person out or pretend that you know better . be honest and open to a new perspective . $ for the next few weeks , you need to be more mindful with how you use your words . other people will be more sensitive than usual and as a result they will be more easily hurt . take this into consideration during all your conversations with others . $ other people 's heavy emotional drama will pull you down . even your own personal issues will permeate into your workplace , making it difficult for you to concentrate on anything but your home life . do your best to keep these issues separate from work . $ you 've probably been extremely busy recently ! you are never one to take the easy route and always put all your energy into the job at hand . right now , it may be better to not overdo it . if you can , take time out and try to refresh body and mind . afterward , work will be so much easier if you do . $ today you could find yourself working with a new group of people . you might be assigned to a different team as you collaborate on a project . or there could be some new employees added to the mix . it 's a good day to form alliances with other knowledgeable people . $ in an effort to know what is going to happen in the future , you may be desperately trying to plan , organize , and anticipate all pitfalls . keep in mind that you simply cannot account for everything . there are many unexpected variables . $ a negative comment you said to someone or a bridge you burned about six months ago is going to come back to haunt you during the next three weeks . your first instinct may be to blame to blame someone else , but in reality , you can only blame yourself . $ even though the workweek may be over for you , the effects of it still seem to linger on . you feel as if there is still work that needs to be done and it is hard for you to slow your mind down . breathe deeply and talk long walks with friends , if possible . $ do not get it in your head that no one cares about you or what you are doing . there is more to the story than this . maybe the truth is that they truly do not understand what you are going through because you do not share enough with them . share more . $ there is no sense getting angry with the opposition and fighting them . you will not be able to beat them so you might as well join them . this is a time for you to make peace and find ways in which you are similar instead of the ways you are different . $ you are able to see through the superficial aspects of any situation in order to get to the heart of the matter . this ability will be extremely strong - and extremely valuable at a time like this . do not be afraid to probe more deeply than usual . $ be honest and straightforward with your co - workers . if someone is not pulling his or her weight , then tell this person so . otherwise , it will continue to eat you up inside . do not be afraid of confrontation . tension now will ultimately lead to peace . $ in many ways , you feel trapped by your surroundings . social pressures have you believing that you need to act or think a certain way . embrace the courage you have within and know that ultimately , the most important thing is to be true to yourself . $ be sure that you are following your dreams ! maintain a hopeful spirit that you will indeed achieve what you set out to achieve in this lifetime . you are reaching for a bright star - your own personal star of destiny . embrace this dream . live it ! $ your fortune has been constantly fluctuating . you are frustrated by the unstable ground that you are on . realize that you have more control over your situation than you think you do . everything is in the palm of your hand . a new beginning awaits . $ you are feeling good today , and even though you might not be at work , this is a good time to be thinking about work - related issues . your mind is clear , stable , and practical . what you plan today will most certainly come to fruition later on . $ assert your independence . you are reaching for an important goal and other people are getting in your way . do not let them . act independently from others . move forward without the hindrance of others . this is no time to be wearing a ball and chain . $ just because something is new and different do not mean that you need to be scared of it . this person or concept was not in your original radar field and so you may have quickly disregarded the notion of ever getting involved . rethink your position . $ you have a vision of how a certain project should turn out . be flexible in this vision . most likely it will not turn out the way you imagine it to . do not be disappointed with the outcome just because the final result is not something you expected . $ let your feet lift off from their point of grounding . reach up into the clouds . the answer is in creative , imaginative thinking . put away your list . do away with your plan . let your intuition lead the way and you will be successful at this time . $ you will have a hard time concentrating . do not tackle anything that requires a large amount of mental focus . you simply do not have it in you right now to zero in on the thing that requires your undivided attention . wait until a later date $ your method of operation may be very different from that of other people , but this do not mean that they are wrong , and you are right . remember that a judgmental attitude can easily lead to anger and frustration . let others live their own lives . $ other people are pulling your chain . perhaps they want to make it seem that they are better than you , that their job is better than yours , and that they have everything , and you have nothing . do not fall prey to this jargon . none of this is true . $ you are a step ahead of people around you . instead of getting frustrated by their slow pace , take time to boost them up to your way of thinking . be patient , supportive , and understanding . doing so will speed up the process and make everyone happier . $ values and personal beliefs are coming to the forefront . what is important to you ? are you doing work that resonates with your own personal belief system ? are you getting paid a fair amount or do you deserve more ? be honest with yourself . $ a long - term trend kicks off today , asking you to take on more of a leadership role during the next four weeks . direct your energy outward instead of turning it inward . use the power of these four weeks to transform and to be courageous . $ you do not understand how other people operate and so your first response is to be very critical of them . be careful here . just because someone do not do something the way that you do do not mean that you have the right to chastise him or her . $ have some fun with your work . just because it is called work do not mean that it always has to be serious and boring . spice things up in a new way . be creative . use your imagination . there is no reason why today has to be a downer . $ as much as you may feel at odds with other people and the world around you , it is important that you partner up . join together with someone instead of trying to do everything by yourself . just make sure that you are not being too critical of others . $ let your guard down and realize that you can learn from others . when you put up the front that says you can handle everything , you shut yourself off to incredible wisdom that can aid you tremendously in your career . be open to other people . $ the constant confusion around you is making it difficult for you to operate at top speed . for this reason , it is important for you to expect that you will be running a bit slower than usual . be happy with whatever you can accomplish at whatever speed . $ the next move is yours - no one else 's . you have to work for recognition . it is not going to be handed to you on a silver platter . you need to put in the work in order to get where you want to go . you are on the right track . do not give up now . $ you have reached a slow - down in the road . you are at a point of suspension . the more you struggle , the more you will be bound to a situation that you are not comfortable in . let go of control and be patient . wait this one out . your time will come . $ people are making an extra effort to reach out to you , and you should do the same . in many ways , you are striving for independence , when really you need to aim to be interdependent . you need other people . accept this truth and work toward this goal . $ you may feel the need to break out and try something new . now is indeed a good time to experiment and toss around new ideas and new strategies for how you can meet your goals . tune into your creative mind . do not be afraid to go against the grain . $ you are a dreamer at heart . so , let yourself dream today . disregard those who try to bring you back down to earth . if people say you need to be more grounded and practical in order to be successful , remind them that einstein was a dreamer , too . $ in order to meet your goals with regard to your career , you need to get more grounded at the current time . hold on to your dreams , but do not forget that you need to be more realistic in order to manifest your goals at the current time . $ the details you neglected on a recent project are catching up to you and backfiring . you may need to readjust your position today in order to get back on track with the correct procedure . admit your mistakes instead of covering them up and move on . $ do not let conflict between you and a co - worker cripple you for the rest of the day . in addition , do not be a pushover to that person 's reckless approach . take the time to collect yourself and refocus on the truth of the matter . proceed from there . $ you may feel left out today - like a kid on the playground who is not allowed to associate with the others . be patient . focus on your own projects and your own strengths . the time will come when others will be begging to associate with you . $ you will make huge strides towards your career goals today so do not give up before you 've even gotten started . if you are seeking a new job , chances are you will find one . at the very least , all interviews with potential employers will go extremely well . $ rewards will pour in today in response to the hard work that you have been doing . financial benefits are at hand so do not be afraid to step up and claim what you know you have rightly earned . more than you may think is coming your way . $ incorporate more of the latest technology and cutting - edge ideas into your work today . do not get left behind as others zoom ahead . be willing to incorporate these ideas on the fly . today 's pace will keep you on your toes from sunup until sundown . $ there is a great deal of communication between you and others today , but it seems as if you are getting nowhere . you may walk away from a long dialogue with your boss still wondering what he or she was trying to communicate . ask again tomorrow . $ pay special attention to any document or contract that you come in contact with today . scrutinize it thoroughly before committing yourself to it . when it comes to any sort of paperwork , it is to your advantage to have a more critical eye than usual . $ the only way you will be successful today is if you demonstrate that you can meet other people 's expectations . assert yourself more than usual . do not sit back and wait for the perfect career opportunity to come to you . you need to move towards it . $ do not be too critical of someone else 's work today . this person 's feelings are more sensitive than you may first realize . too harsh of a critique may bring tears to this person 's eyes . go easy on him or her while getting your point across . $ something you said to a co - worker is likely to backfire on you today . now this person is retaliating in a way that you never thought was possible . there is no one to blame but you . make apologies where it is necessary to do so . $ try not to get caught up in the drama that surrounds a certain task today . do your best to rise above the petty squabbling and ridiculous banter regarding who failed to accomplish a certain project , etc . you have more important things to worry about . $ in order to get ahead at work today , you will have to be more aggressive than usual . feel free to raise your voice if that 's what it takes to get your point across . assertive tactics may not be your style , but they certainly are effective . $ take careful notes today . if you are in a virtual meeting with your boss and or fellow co - workers , do not be afraid to pull out a pad of paper and a pen . be attentive . many details will be discussed that you will not want to forget . write them down . $ friendly relations with others will bring you more luck and prosperity than you may think . be open to new people and new ideas instead of actively trying to shut them out . something is coming your way today that will prove to be quite profitable . $ career goals that you set for yourself a couple of months ago should be implemented now . start doing the research and seek the advice of others whom you know can help you along this path . people are more than willing to assist you at this time . $ make an important investment today . invest in yourself . instead of working to put money into someone else 's pocket , this is the time to take steps to put money into your own pocket . you have the ability to be successful on your own so do it . $ your work ethic is especially strong today so use it . you have the stamina to put your nose to the grindstone for many long hours . work overtime if you can . the rewards will be plentiful , and it will certainly earn big points with the people in charge . $ a fantastic mental shift happens for you today , opening the door to fantastic new opportunities regarding your career . cycles in your life that seem to have been moving backward are finally moving forward again . charge ahead with confidence . $ you are ready to move forward but you feel as if the people around you are still one step behind . perhaps the market that you wish to target is one step behind . do not worry . this is your opportunity to set the example . move forward with confidence . $ you are on the verge of something big , but you feel as if not all the pieces are in place . they 're not , so hold on . there is no sense in jumping the gun . you are better off waiting until everything is perfectly in place before making your move . $ today marks the beginning of a new cycle of growth for you with regard to your work and career . this is a good time to wipe the slate clean of old habits and patterns that no longer serve you . start fresh with a new attitude and positive approach . $ get out of your current rut . right now , you are falling behind because you are not willing to look ahead and integrate new ideas into your work regime . in addition , do not be afraid of new technology and technical advances . they will help you . $ you are moving into uncharted territory today . make sure you are fully prepared . the best thing you can do right now is have full confidence in yourself . the tools in your tool belt are remarkable . do not be afraid to use them at a moment 's notice . $ take a sterner approach with someone you work with . you have put up with this person 's immature approach too long . emphasize the fact that the focus must be put back to the work and the collective goal . teamwork is essential for success . $ people are not afraid to give you their two cents today even if you did not ask for it . as these opinions fly at you , you are likely to get more and more confused . instead of trying to make sense of everyone else 's opinion , just listen to yourself . $ put some extra finishing touches on your work today . your tendency may be to get sloppy - especially as the day wears on . instead , it is important that you completely tie up any loose ends and go the extra mile to impress the people around you . $ do not be afraid to take a shortcut today . a slow and steady approach may actually leave you at the back of the pack today . pick up the pace and look for new ways to get ahead . your overall efficiency has the potential to increase dramatically . $ do not be too quick to judge someone else 's work . you may think it is wrong simply because you do not understand it . take your time and ask questions before jumping to the conclusion that the work has been done incorrectly . you may learn something . $ instead of looking at all the negative aspects of your current plan , take a look at the benefits . consider the potential rewards . if you think too much about the potential pitfalls then you are not likely to follow through on anything at all . $ instead of looking at all the negative aspects of your current plan , take a look at the benefits . consider the potential rewards . if you think too much about the potential pitfalls then you are not likely to follow through on anything at all . $ you will take a giant step up today . do not be afraid to do so . the ground you are on is solid and trustworthy . you will be recognized and rewarded for your incredibly reliable nature and fabulous memory . do not hesitate to flaunt these qualities . $ try not to get overwhelmed by the conflicting information that surrounds you today . making heads or tails of it all certainly will not be easy , but do not get discouraged . do what you do best - take things one step at a time and be patient . $ do not be afraid to tackle more than one project simultaneously . your ability to multi - task will be quite strong . you are juggling many different plates , but this is fine . do not panic . stay calm , cool and collected and you will be extremely productive . $ take a more creative approach to your work today . write things down in a graphic , colorful way instead of in a straight list with bullet points . if you have a presentation to make , liven it up with vivid charts and diagrams instead of just words . $ a major shift has just taken place that will have a tremendous effect on the next 7 years . during this time , you will need to tune more into your intuitive side to reap the success you are looking for with regard to your career . go with the flow . $ you will have a burst of physical energy today that will inspire you to tackle many projects with little difficulty . just make sure that you do not annoy others as you do so . your tendency may be to steamroll over people to get certain things done . $ are you working towards your own dream or someone else 's dream ? this is an important question to ask yourself . be sure that you are on target with a goal that is important to you . otherwise , you are setting yourself up for disappointment . $ you will get the feeling that others are not playing by the rules today . your instincts are correct . someone is taking a rather immature approach . he or she is bending the rules in order to get ahead . do not be afraid to alert your superiors of this . $ curb your need to over - plan . your tendency may be to search for days to find every potential pothole , but right now , there is no time for that . instead , you need to move forward . have confidence in yourself and get moving instead of planning . $ you are in a good position to push your ideas through today . others will be captive audiences for you . trust that what you say will be heard by the right people and will launch you into a wonderful new phase of your career . you are on your way up . $ you will become quite stressed today , thanks to the pressure from the people around you . others are working themselves into a frenzy , and this energy is rubbing off on you . try your best to sort through the nonsense and cut right to the facts . $ you are able to spot tremendous opportunity where everyone else sees tragedy . this is a tremendous gift ; so , do not let it go to waste - especially today . you have the power to rectify a dying situation and turn it into a complete success story . $ you may feel as if you are out of your league today . someone is using fancy jargon to get you to buy into an idea that he or she thinks is fabulous . do not be too quick to jump aboard . there are strings attached that you may not see at this time . $ the atmosphere of the day is certainly one that you flourish in and can take advantage of . meetings with others will go surprisingly well . if you need to make a positive impression on someone , today is the day to do it . you naturally feel on . $ it may be difficult for you to work productively with others since the people around you seem to be taking an extremely immature approach to their work . try to see past this and embrace the creativity that this childish aspect brings to the table . $ you may be frustrated by the success happening around you . others are charging ahead with new ideas and you feel stuck in rut . embrace the old saying , if you cannot beat  'em , join  'em . hop aboard a moving train instead of staying on a stagnant one . $ do not be too quick to judge an idea and put it away in a file that you might never open again . although it may be useful to compartmentalize in this manner , doing so may do you a great deal of harm in the long run . be more open instead of closed . $ you will heave a tremendous sigh of relief today knowing that the work you have done lately is finally starting to pay off . you can rest assured that the difficult frenzy of the last couple days has ended and you can take some time to recuperate . $ your point of view will be tested by someone who has a great deal of power behind his or her words . just because this person tries to get attention do not mean that he or she knows exactly what he or she is talking about . be strong and do not waver . $ you may try violently to stand your ground today , but why bother ? it is worth it to actually take the opposing argument into account . you have an incredible opportunity in front of you in which you can grow and learn a great deal . embrace it . $ do not let your entrepreneurial spirit lose steam . it is possible that larger issues overshadow your plans , but this is no reason to let go of your goals . keep your dreams alive , even if this means putting them on the back burner at this time . $ you are likely to get impatient today with those who do not have it together . your tendency is to judge them harshly and spend more time criticizing them than actually dealing with your own personal workload . concentrate on yourself . $ there is danger that you will shoot yourself in the foot today . do not be the master of your own undoing . in short , look out for yourself and be careful of what you say to certain people . other people may change faces in order to get what they want . $ you will find that you are very easily distracted today . it seems that everyone else 's business is more important than yours . gossip around your workplace will be running wild . try not to add your own judgmental comments to the frenzy . stay grounded . $ communication is a very effective tool for you today . tackle any tasks that have to do with getting important information out to other people . whatever you send out - whether it is through e - mail , phone , or regular mail - will be met with success . $ you will run into conflict with someone in the workplace . be sure to approach this person directly and work things out with him or her face to face . gossiping about issues with others will only escalate the problem and make you look bad . $ your combative mood is likely to distract you from work that needs to be done . perhaps leftover anger from a recent argument has left you feeling off balance with the world around you . leave the past behind and concentrate on the work at hand . $ you are on solid ground to feel free to take that next giant step up the mountain . other people will be there to support you if you slip . most likely , however , you will be able to handle everything just fine on your own - so do not worry . $ foreign ideas and concepts are suddenly much more appealing to you . if it has been your desire to work elsewhere , now is your big chance to make a move toward that goal . the time is right for you to advance in a new location . $ your job may take you on several errands today and this is fine . take advantage of tasks that get you out of your normal routine and into neighboring towns . short - distance travel will bring new ideas to the issues that you are currently working on . $ you will serve an important role today as you bridge the gap between two opposing positions . these two sets of ideas are more compatible than most people think - and you are the person who can make others see this and understand . educate others . $ you may have a hard time relating with other people today , and this is making it difficult for you to be fully productive at work . try not to take things too seriously . have a sense of humor about the events around you and you will succeed . $ you may get the feeling that everyone is against you . your first reaction is to get extremely critical of everyone who disagrees with you . keep in mind that this is likely to make matters much worse . people will not take this criticism too well . $ you are caught in a difficult position in which you need to display great confidence , but yet a part of you is feeling extremely vulnerable and weak . do not get overwhelmed by your insecure emotions . summon your tremendous strength and proceed . $ there is an annoying tone to your work atmosphere that is making it difficult for you to be productive . the next step up the mountain is not so clear at this time . the key for you now is not to overreact , but to stay neutral and collect data . $ even though much of your work is behind the scenes , there are certain days in which you crave the spotlight and more recognition for all that you do . gently remind people today of all that the work you do . do so without sounding whiny or petty . $ at first you may be unimpressed by someone else 's risky ideas . upon closer examination , however , you will see that these ideas are much more sound than you first thought . in short , do not reject anything without first doing a thorough examination . $ your productivity will be quite high today . tackle anything that requires intense focus and attention to the finer aspects . if you need to do any proofreading of yours or other people 's work , now is the time to do it . use the energy given to you . $ you have the ability to ease a difficult situation . others are in a heated debate , and you have the fortunate perspective of being able to see both sides of the issue . feel free to step into the heart of the battle . others will be thankful you did . $ making decisions will be difficult for you . your first reaction will be to get extremely frustrated at yourself . do not beat yourself up just because you cannot decide . it is perfectly fine to weigh all of your options at this time . indecision is okay . $ the primary struggle for you today will be getting your own work done and your own needs met while also working together with others . at first , these two things seem incongruent or mutually exclusive . your challenge is to find how they are not . $ preparation work is the key to your success right now . before you take the next step , make sure that you are fully prepared for it . getting ahead of yourself at this stage of the game could be very detrimental to you . be practical and focused . $ sitting at the drawing board with a plan in mind will not bring in a tremendous amount of support . once you actually get moving on this plan , however , support will come in from all sides . take the first steps on your own and others will follow suit . $ your general mood has shifted from exclusive to inclusive , and this is a good thing . prosperity will come to you as a result of this switch in attitude . open yourself up to more ideas of this nature and you will find success in the workplace . $ a tremendous planetary shift takes place today - setting the stage for the next four weeks . for you , this shift will bring terrific opportunities in the world of jobs and career . your practical , grounded nature will be recognized and appreciated . $ your aggressive drive has a hint of fantasy to it , creating the perfect recipe for success . do not be afraid to let yourself dream , while also keeping your feet firmly planted on the ground . this is a winning combination that will serve you well . $ not all the opportunities you are hoping for will come to you through logical means . instead , they come to you through unexpected sources . synchronistic events in the grocery store or crossing the street could lead to the break you 're hoping for . $ it is hard for you to work when not everything is neatly laid out and planned . unfortunately , this will be the case today . nothing you have prepared for will work out the way you expected it to . be prepared for that which you have not prepared for . $ work with those people who are just as dedicated and passionate as you are . you will learn a great deal from them , and maybe even adjust your own perspective while you are at it . ideas are being shared freely . listen carefully and you will learn . $ a mental approach during the morning will give way to a much more intuitive approach during the afternoon . embrace both aspects of dealing with things . you can benefit a great deal from these two channels of learning and understanding . $ even though you are very methodical , and your plan is well laid out , you will run into some snags over the next three and a half weeks . communication snafus will make it difficult for you to operate effectively in the workplace . do your best . $ working with co - workers is not going to be a picnic . there are many layers of confusion that you will have to penetrate through in order to get to the heart of the matter . do your best and remember that what 's on the surface is not the full picture . $ someone will pressure you to get something done in an extra speedy manner . at first you will be angered by this request . your pace is much slower and steadier . be accommodating . speed will receive more appreciation than quality . $ an ally of yours is in a sticky situation . whether this person has requested your help directly or not , it is important that you offer a supportive hand . encourage your friends in their time of need . you will need their help later on down the road . $ you are in a fantastic position today and you have the tools you need to come out on top of any situation you find yourself in . have confidence in yourself and embrace all challenges without being judgmental of others . success is yours . $ other people will automatically be drawn to you today , thanks to your trustworthy and hardworking nature . these aspects of your personality will be applauded . because of this , you are able to wield a great deal of power around the workplace . $ you will encounter situations in which peacemaking is not the best choice for everyone involved . feel free to take an aggressive stand and try not to back down . you will be rewarded for your passion for the work you do and the opinions you have . $ breathe free and easy . try not to let heavy burdens weigh you down . there may be a tendency for you to think about all the things that could go wrong . just thinking about these pitfalls will cause them to manifest . think positive thoughts instead . $ your grounded , practical , and concrete plan is being shaken up by something unexpected . there is rigidity in the air that is making it difficult for you to roll with the punches . see the wisdom , not the aggravation in the information that comes . $ be gentle with your co - workers , and especially with yourself . you will tend to be too critical of your own work today , something that is very self - defeating . give yourself a break and realize that it is always okay to make mistakes . $ your ideas are good , but they need to be modified . you seem to be taking only one perspective into account . now is the time to look at the other side of the coin and adjust your position accordingly . it is favorable to change course at this time . $ do not act like the kind of person you think you should be in order to please others . be yourself . your conservative and practical approach is exactly what is needed at this point in time . other people are opening in up to you in new ways . $ look at the positive aspects . find the reasons why an idea will succeed , not why it will fail . the winner today will be the person who can make the most of a dysfunctional and difficult situation - not the person who dwells on the negative aspects . $ your thinking is right on track , but if you do not have the will and leadership abilities to put these ideas in motion then they will do you very little good . take a more courageous approach to the day and you will be much more successful . $ no one is going to appreciate a sourpuss so if you have a bad attitude when you wake up this morning , be sure that you leave it at home . any negativity will be amplified , so you are better off wearing a smile . the day will go much more smoothly . $ take a look at the people around you and ask yourself how they are influencing you and your choices . your tendency is to fall into a rhythm that other people have established . ask yourself if you want to end up like those you associate with . $ look beyond the surface in order to find the hidden meaning in people 's words and actions . someone is trying to pull the wool over your eyes using niceties and flattery . do not be fooled . what seems true at first may not hold any merit at all . $ you feel like you are being left behind . the world seems to be moving too fast and you are having trouble keeping up . this feeling will lead to frustration that will debilitate you even more . do not get frustrated . be calm and do what you can . $ your focus is outstanding and although your mind wanders into the clouds once in a while , you will find that these thoughts actually help you instead of hindering you . take all possibilities into account instead of insisting on wearing your blinders . $ you like to work toward a larger goal . today marks the start of a period in which you feel like you are moving further away from that goal instead of towards it . do not worry . the insight you gain through this process will help you in the long run . $ difficult relations with others will ease , since today marks the start of a three - week cycle in which you will feel a stronger connection with your co - workers . relating to these people will be much easier than it has been during the recent past . $ walk on the sunny side of the street . this is a time for you to consciously be positive about your career situation and where you are going . find a way to flip your mind from a negative perspective to an uplifting one . your attitude is everything . $ even if you are not working today , work is still on your mind . your brain is in high gear , and this is fine . an idea you have today is worth pursuing . you have reached a new starting point ; so , feel free to plant some new seeds at this time . $ you will not be satisfied with your work unless you can see tangible results . only when you can touch , feel , and see the product of your work will you be truly fulfilled . make sure you are on a path that will lead you toward this satisfying end . $ you can breathe a big sigh of relief today . the planets have been making it difficult for you over the past three or four weeks by creating confusion in your relations and communications with others . no more ! $ people are not going to be especially reliable , so be careful of whom you trust . others are full of talk but no action . there are plenty of ideas abounding , but seeing these ideas come to fruition is a different ballgame . you can only trust yourself . $ you are likely to resist someone else 's ideas or wishes because you sense that this person is trying to control or manipulate you . most likely , this person is simply trying to help you , so be open and willing to accept advice from others . $ right now is a good time to re - locate or change positions . even a small change can have a huge impact on your life . moving to the next town over , or the next office over can make a big difference on your attitude toward going to work every morning . $ someone who has just asked a favor or has requested information needs a timely response . do not hesitate any longer . now is the time to call that person back or return his or her e - mail . promptness in doing so is a key piece of your success . $ it may be hard for you to sit still today and not think about work - related issues , even if you are miles away from your workspace . make a conscious effort to calm yourself down and simply relax . let go of any nervous , restless energy that you have . $ you will feel anger and aggression coming from others , and possibly even yourself . you can be your own worst enemy thanks to the high standards you set for your work . give yourself a break . go easy on yourself - especially since others do not . $ your creative juices are flowing , so use them to your advantage . this is a good time to add some color to your workplace . redecorate your space in some way . bringing creativity to your environment will help bring more creativity to your work itself . $ you are fearless as you approach your work . you are an armored tank steamrolling over just about any obstacle that comes your way . in short , nothing can stop you at this time . you are feeling confident and strong in all aspects of your work . $ honesty is most certainly the best policy for you right now . do not try to pull the wool over anyone 's eyes . doing so will have unpleasant ramifications later on down the road . tell the truth now so it do not come back to haunt you in the future . $ do not take everything so seriously . consciously lighten up and take the stressful edge off of your work . you will be much more productive if you are able to smile at yourself and feel at ease instead of in competition with everyone around you . $ you are not relating very well to your friends and family . this is mostly due to the fact that your head is still filled with garbage left over from the workweek . engage in some sort of activity that helps clear your mind and start fresh . $ whether you are at work or not , you cannot seem to get work out of your mind . stress over just the thought of work may cause you to desire a major change in what you do or whom you do it with . this is fine . you are at a turning point . $ you feel yourself under a great pressure to prove to someone else that you are worthy or deserving of something . you are feeling extra stress because of this pressure , and you are likely to make a mistake because of it . calm down and relax . $ do not get bogged down in your emotions . your mood may be quite sour , but your thinking is clear . do not let your feelings distract you from the important analytical work that you are doing . stay focused , and you can accomplish a great deal . $ the structure or format that is currently in place is not necessarily helping you reach your goals . now is the time to try a new approach . work with the system instead of against it or do away with this structure entirely and start your own . $ turning your attention to other matters will not make the difficult ones go away . you might as well face your obstacles head on . be open to creating a friendly and cooperative dialogue at all times . doing so will make the day go much more smoothly . $ it will be easier for you to get things done now since people are more apt to be working with you than against you . other people 's detail - oriented approach is helping you get the information and the cold , hard facts that you need to get ahead . $ everything seems to be standing still today . this is a good time to take a day off from work if you do not have it off already . do not even bother thinking about anything career related . plans made today will not work out the way you expect them to . $ during the morning hours , it may be difficult for you to avoid thinking about work - related issues and problems regardless of whether you are at work or not . make sure that you do not let these thoughts consume you for the rest of the day . $ the workplace is not very conducive for you to get your work done . ask if there are any tasks that can be done outside of the office . perhaps you can work from home or tackle a special task that do not involve others . find an alternative path . $ determination and mental strength are key aspects of your personality that are shining brightly throughout the entire day . make sure you do not step on other people 's toes as you race to the top . hurting others will not help you in the long run . $ use the fiercely competitive energy of the day to your advantage . use it to inspire you to greater heights . you can achieve more than you thought was possible , thanks to the wolf on your tail . fear nothing , and you will achieve everything . $ announcing that you are depressed is not likely to get sympathy from others . for the most part , people are in a very optimistic , spirited mood . do not spoil this for them . instead , you should join in . show others that you can add to the merriment . $ uncertainty regarding a particular situation is making you feel inadequate or useless . do not be so hard on yourself . the fact is you do not quite have all the information you need to proceed . this information will come in the next two weeks . $ other people are likely to try to talk you into some grand scheme that they have brewing . do not be fooled . it is very unlikely that this big idea is going to materialize as planned . what seems like nothing but talk is exactly that . $ your mood shifts and you are suddenly becoming quite positive . you are able to see the opposing side of any issue you come in contact with , and this is helping you to broaden your overall perspective . take this feeling with you when you head to work . $ the extra drive and motivation you had during the weekend has fizzled out now that the workweek has begun . what seemed clear and straightforward in your head before has now become quite muddled . sort out the mess one step at a time . $ you will feel a pressure to lift off from the solid foundation you are on , so that you can escape into the clouds . inherently , you are hard - wired to resist this and so you fight with all your might to stay grounded . do not fight . just let yourself go . $ do not try to fit your co - workers and employees into boxes that you would like to create for them . you want them to behave a certain way that is convenient for you . unfortunately , your wish is not their command . let go of control and judgment . $ what makes perfect , rational sense to you will not necessarily make sense to other people . something gets lost in the translation and there is simply nothing you can do about this . do not get too emotionally attached to the outcome of events . $ try not to get too overwhelmed by the information that comes your way . once your head starts spinning , it will be just about impossible for you to get it to slow down . your best defense against this barrage is to stay organized . file things . $ today marks the start of an extremely climactic four - week period for you , with regard to your career . you are either reaping the rewards of your hard work and or you are realizing exactly where you have fallen short . prepare mentally for both . $ not all the pieces seem to be fitting into place for you today , but that 's fine . they do not have to . give yourself a break . do not put pressure on yourself to accomplish anything extraordinary . just kick back and have a relaxing work - from - home day . $ you must trust that whatever is happening in your career life right now is happening for the best . there 's no need to doubt yourself , what you are doing , or where you are going . although the road seems long and uncertain , you will reach your goal . $ you 're in a harmonious position with the people and environment of wherever you 're sheltering in place . events and conversations are flowing quite well for you , and this is helping to set the stage for tremendous progress and overall success for your enterprise . $ although your overall mood is grounded and stable , be on the lookout for sporadic events throughout the day that may throw you off balance . be open to and accepting of these events . be mindful of the wisdom they bring . $ open yourself up in a way that you do not normally do . most of the time you are very closed and reserved . other people have misconceptions of you as a result . this is a good day to clear up these misconceptions by sharing honestly with others . $ adopt a light - hearted , happy - go - lucky attitude . you will have a hard time relating to people today if you do not . trust that you will accomplish more if you are laughing and joking with people instead of being serious and uptight about everything . $ hopefully , you do not have to report to work today because quite frankly , you are better off in relaxation mode than in work mode . be sure to give yourself a mental break from work - related issues . this may be easier said than done . $ communication with others reaches a dramatic climax for you during the next two weeks . other people will be openly opposed to your viewpoint . this is a good time for you to be more open and understanding of the other side of the coin . $ do not be too critical of yourself or others . your harsh judgments are not very welcome at a time like this . instead , you need to be sympathetic and understanding of other people 's needs - including your own . give yourself a break and chill out . $ discussions with friends could give you so many ideas for new projects that you might want to get started on them all at the same time . you might just be able to accomplish this ; however , you need to pace yourself and work on one at a time . do not be afraid to ask for assistance from those involved . $ today you could be feeling a little distracted . as you manage multiple tasks , you might be drifting from one project to the next . try to keep your focus by taking breaks . double - check your work , and do not allow distractions to keep you from concentrating . $ pay attention to details instead of just carelessly skipping over them . you are good at seeing the big picture of things , but today it is extra important that you notice the little things . these details will make all the difference in the long run . $ a cosmic shift happens today that will have a profound effect over the next three weeks . during this time , you need to be especially mindful of your home and family . if you have stability there , you will have stability in your work . $ the answer you are waiting for will come sooner than you think . in the meantime , try not to get impatient . whether you realize it or not , your mental stress is having a negative effect on the people around you . do your best to relax and not worry . $ you are getting support for your ideas from the people around you . even if these people are not those you work with , their input is worth listening to . they have an outside perspective that you can benefit from a great deal . trust others . $ something has to give - and most likely it will . you just need to give it one extra nudge . do not be afraid to use your charm and strong will . you are closer than you think . you have worked to get yourself this far . now you need to go all the way . $ try not to get into a who knows more contest with someone today . what may start out as a friendly jest could become rather ugly very quickly . you are better off not starting anything at all . there is no sense in getting all worked up over nothing . $ be prepared for emotional stress and strain from all angles . you are not feeling especially strong or effective in the workplace . do not put pressure on yourself to achieve great heights . by doing so you are setting yourself up for disappointment . $ you have just completed a major task . celebrate your success ! you have persevered , and it has paid off . you have great power . if you feel ready to take the next big step , then go for it . there is no need to hesitate . you are on the right path . $ now is a time for you to reflect and look at the past . during this time of reflection , you will find important insight that will help you navigate through the uncertain waters of the future . you may have to tune others out during this process . $ as more and more information comes your way , you are likely to get confused with regard to which path to take . do not be afraid to seek council . look for advice from someone who is older and more experienced than you are . trust in that person . $ ask yourself if you are truly being realistic with your work and career situation . it seems that you have been playing the part of the fool . this kind of attitude has been getting you into trouble lately . use today to re - construct your strategy . $ other people are looking up to you and respecting your ideas . take the lead on projects or during virtual meetings . your thoughts will win favor with those around you . have fun and adopt a playful attitude . others will follow suit . you are in control . $ opportunity awaits you ! you are in good standing with those around you . other people are looking to you for advice and guidance . you have great power in your hands . use this power wisely instead of abusing it and you will come out on top . $ yesterday was your time to shine and now you need to let someone else have the spotlight . do not hog the show or else others will get jealous and become resentful . you have too much at stake to risk it all at this point . go with the flow . $ take off your suit of armor . let down your guard . let your fear show through . being over - confident may get you into trouble . it is okay to let others know that you are scared . in this way , they will be more able to ease your true and honest fears . $ you will find yourself in a haze throughout much of the day . you will not really spring into life until the late afternoon . until that time , do not put pressure on yourself to accomplish too much . you will only be left with great disappointment . $ take all of your pent - up aggression from the past week and get it out in the form of physical exercise . group sports of any kind are especially favored . there is a tremendous amount of frustration within you . now is the time to let it go . $ you are an important role model for others . lead by example and demonstrate your success . most of your power comes through your tremendous character and original spirit . show off these qualities to the people around you . you have their support . $ not everyone sees things the way that you do . in your mind , it seems that others are stuck in the dark ages - especially today . give them a break and try not to prod them too much . the more you push , the more they will resist you . be open - minded . $ get into a groove instead of scattering your energy in a thousand different directions . you will accomplish more when you settle into a rhythm or a pattern of some kind . get some energy behind your work and you will accomplish a great deal . $ you have reached a dramatic turning point in your yearly cycle . for the next four weeks , you will reap the efforts of the last six months . you will either celebrate your success or feel the disappointment of your failure . this is a pivotal time . $ even though you may be going through a rough period overall , today is a bright spot among the darkness . you should feel happy about yourself and the people around you . you are making solid connections with others that will pay off down the road . $ you will amaze others with your incredible speed and efficiency . you will navigate through the uncertain waters with great confidence and alacrity . others will turn to you for advice and guidance . you are at the top of your game . go for the gold . $ turn your focus toward daily chores and the mundane activities that you were notable to get to during the week . household chores are especially glaring . take care of these things first before you turn your attention toward other issues . $ difficult issues will hit you hard on a personal level . you may try to talk yourself out of the things you feel . this is not a very healthy way to deal with these issues . this will only make it harder for you to be clear during the upcoming week . $ you are moving with great force and tenacity , but do you really know where you are headed ? do you have an ultimate goal in mind ? this is a very analytical time for you . think clearly instead of acting haphazardly . work toward something significant . $ you are currently engaged in a difficult struggle with someone else or something else . you are in a complete gridlock because of this one issue . embrace your power , turn to your intuition , and rise above . do not let this one thing consume you . $ someone with a very strong will is taking control and trying to call the shots on every aspect of your career . what is good for that person is not necessarily good for you . do not get trapped in this person 's iron - grip . do things your own way . $ there is an element of mystery that you just cannot seem to get a grip on . the map you are looking at bears no resemblance to the landscape in front of you . this is not a time to press forward . this is a time to hold back and exercise caution . $ you are at a rather low point with regard to your work right now so do not push a situation that is giving you trouble . today is not going to be the day in which you resolve anything , so you are better off tabling it until tomorrow . $ today you are wrestling with an important decision that will have a dramatic effect on the future of your career . try not to over - analyze your position . the bottom line is that you need to trust your intuition and go with your heart . $ you may feel as if everyone you communicate with regarding work issues know something that you do not . do not let this paranoia affect your performance . dismiss it and keep your focus on your work instead of those strange vibes . $ do not be left out today while everyone else says his or her peace . you may patiently wait until it 's your turn to have input , but no one will reach out to ask your opinion . get your two cents in by being aggressive if necessary . $ pack your suit of armor among your other work tools today . superiors may be extra harsh evaluating your performance , so be prepared . try not to take anything personally and remember that it 's only a job - you can quit whenever you want . $ good things are happening all around you today , but unfortunately , you feel as if they are not happening to you . do not force yourself to be something you are not . be patient . this is not the train you are meant to be on . one is coming your way soon . $ you may get a slap on the wrist today for not being as reliable and practical as some of your co - workers . do not let this get you down . meanwhile , consider moving to another job in which you can set your own schedule and have more overall freedom . $ take the time to stabilize yourself instead of jumping haphazardly from one project to the next . you will be much more productive at work today when you slow down and get organized . help will come from all angles when you do this . $ you are in the catbird 's seat today so take advantage of it . communication with potential employers today will be extremely positive . there is no doubt that you will be able to convince anyone of anything even if you have no idea what you 're talking about . $ you will have your fingers in many different pies today and this will lead to great success with regard in your job . incorporate different ideas from different people and share the success . you can put the pieces together to create a masterpiece . $ while talking on the phone with someone today , make sure that all the details are clear . you may get stuck with the short end of the stick unless you completely understand the full restrictions and conditions associated with the matter at hand . $ your sensitive compassion will be balm for others when they come running from an ugly situation regarding work today . your insight will help put out the fire that has been raging . stand back from the flames so that you do not get hurt either . $ do unto others as you would have them do unto you applies to your job as well - especially today . be careful of directing your negative attitude towards others . you will communicate something you regret if you are not careful with your words today . $ if something comes across your desk today that you do not understand , ask someone for advice . do not pretend that you know how to handle a situation that is completely foreign to you . most people will be speaking greek today so ask them to explain . $ today 's pleasant aspect concerns all things romantic . you will be especially able to use your intuitive powers to sense the right time to make your feelings known , and your body in a way that feels pleasing to you and to others . this could be your facial expressions , physical affection , or perhaps giving those who need it their space . to enhance this harmonious aspect , treat yourself to something that relaxes both body and mind : a massage , a sauna or a walk in the woods . $ your patience level could be low today . honor your impatience with appropriate measures . give yourself extra time to get to your appointments , and do not set yourself up for frustrating situations . when it comes to eating , choose what you put into your body carefully . be sure you like what you order or prepare ; otherwise , you will not be relaxed and truly fulfilled by your meal . on another note - it is best to hold your tongue if a dispute threatens to arise with a lover or friend . $ the feeling that you can accomplish all that you set out to do is strong today . make a point of centering yourself . whether this is with a yoga session or a walk with the dog , it will be the apex of your day . with focus , you can channel your energy into the higher power that it truly is . you will relish feeling passionate about those you love , and for causes you champion . give yourself the benefit of drinking lots of water : the time and effort it takes can center you . $ your ideals will feel especially sensitive to you today . you may sympathize with others more than you normally do but be careful that you do not get caught up in the role of champion for others . that is a noble sentiment , but you need to stay focused on yourself right now , and this will take some committed effort . if possible , go for a run with a friend and discuss issues that concern you . the increased oxygen intake will settle your mind . $ if you followed yesterday 's advice , you would perhaps feel the benefit of maintaining your personal energy within yourself - not giving it out to other people or situations . building further on this , try staying focused on your breath today . exercise , and eat your meals slowly and deliberately so that your breath remains the priority in all that you do . the rhythm of your breathing is the guiding pulse to maintaining positive energy . doing what 's right for yourself is not always easy . stay focused . $ remember it 's not the situation that matters , it 's how you handle it . continue to breathe consciously , focusing on your breath when you exercise and when you go to sleep as a way of heightening awareness . what you eat is important , but how you put food into your mouth is more important , today . first , make sure the food is appetizing to your body and mind . next , arrange the food in a pleasing manner before beginning to eat . center yourself . eat slowly and enjoy . $ if you run into difficulty today , it will benefit you to take a break and give yourself some quiet , private time to cool down before taking action . there is a strong tendency to act irrationally . give others the benefit of the doubt . remember the phrase : i 'll have to think about this and get back to you . these words can help when your emotions are too hot to allow you to think on the spot . drinking hot beverages will help cool your interior pathways . $ the planetary configuration that is forming today will strengthen your psychic abilities . there is wisdom in cultivating these abilities , and that often means not acting on them right away . to help with the cultivation process , bring yourself into a centered place and make room inside yourself to house your intuitive energies . getting a yoga workout in is highly recommended , although be careful in choosing which positions to focus on . it needs to be about your own focus and concentration . $ your powers of communication continue to be strong . today 's physical focus should be on your feet ! yes - wherever you plant your feet indicates the direction in which you will head . the aspect at play asks you to be determined , and to follow through on what you say . it 's a great day to pick up an exercise routine you 've been talking about , and likewise to really think about the expression you are what you eat . $ there is daring in the air , and you are one to pick up on that sort of thing . you may feel flirtatious , or gullible , or even a bit arrogant today . it 's probably best to conserve some of that daring energy , since you 'll likely be sensitive and easily offended . try to challenge yourself rather than looking for other , outside challenges . run an extra mile , take on a new yoga position or try to squeeze your exercise into a busy schedule . you could also try out one of the martial arts techniques through virtual classes or workshops . $ today is likely the day you will be tempted to stray from your healthy diet or skip the exercise that is so vital to your well - being ! there is an escapist yearning in the air , causing behavior to become associated with food and laziness . if you 're going to sit home and watch a movie tonight , try to make small concessions : soy - based ice cream , popcorn with yeast flavoring instead of butter , fresh lemonade instead of soda pop ! $ when you feel lost , and like you do not know what you want , stick to your routine . with the proper care of your body ( good , fresh food , plenty of water and exercise ) , the subconscious will eventually reveal itself . create a nurturing and predictable pattern for yourself today . breathe consciously . a basic hatha yoga workout would help quiet your mind . whatever message is hidden inside of you will come out as long as you prepare yourself to receive . let go and embrace the step of not knowing . $ today you may feel a shift in your ability to center yourself and practice a healthful routine . the celestial energies increase your ability to sense your emotions , however , you may be left with feelings of ambivalence . you tend to drop a practice when you do not get an answer quickly , but this would be foolish right now ! if you did yoga yesterday , great ! do it again today . if today is your first workout in a while , just doing it will help a lot . $ today provides a wonderful transit for you . you will be able to notice what you are ready to get rid of - certain behavior patterns , old food in the cupboards , and old clothes in the closet . even some relationships may reveal themselves to be unhealthy and outgrown . you can gain a lot by giving up the old and outdated . take stock of your life - get rid of what do not work for you and create room for all that is new . $ if you find balancing many possibilities an exhausting and pointless exercise , consider changing your point of view and focusing that energy to your benefit . try alternating as many different outlets as you can in your workout routine : swim one day , run another , and do some challenging yoga in between to stretch and strengthen your muscles . or try martial arts to keep yourself alert and fit . remember to drink plenty of water in order to secure your inner source of productivity . $ today 's planetary alignment gives you the freedom to take your feelings seriously , without being tricked by the serious expectations you may put on yourself at other times of the month . what does expanding your horizons mean to you ? it might be time to find out - or , if you know what gives you a boost , go ahead and ask for it ! even something as humble as a walk on the beach with your dog ( or a friend , if possible , or a friend 's dog ! ) could be the answer to opening up to your true feelings . $ given the many options you have in life , the sensation of being overwhelmed can become the norm . today 's aspect gives some respite , allowing you to communicate in the way you would like to . this includes how you speak to yourself inside your head . with all of the healthy - living emphasis on diet and exercise , it is easy to forget that the most nurturing part of ourselves is really in our mind . how you treat yourself mentally is more important than low - fat anything . think about it ! $ speaking your truth is the beauty of life and relationships , otherwise all beauty is hollow , and life becomes merely a charade . if you feel the tug of certain buried truths , it is wise to welcome them forth with the dedication to making yourself whole . if you feel you need more sleep in order to gear up for the changes you sense afoot , have the courage to say no to an unhealthy meal , and get to bed as early as you see fit . no excuses necessary ! $ giving yourself room to do what is right for you may bring up issues of fitting in with the group . sometimes what is right changes , and you must break with the past . resistance to change comes from fear that a particular love source will disappear as soon as we shift . grounding yourself in your own reality through physical exercise is a powerful way to practice meditation without doing anything much out of the ordinary . remind yourself that self - love is what we need most . $ the planets are giving you lots of fresh energy to play with ! the energy is fanciful and light , yet significant . this is not a time to enjoy the silly things in life and forget the rest , but rather to expand your horizons and invite the new into your life . give up the habits that have kept you in stuck positions . change does not have to be intense and traumatic - but it does take work . drink red clover tea to help your blood break down those stuck places . $ this is a good time for encouraging different aspects of your inner self to come out of hiding , in order to help shift your habits to fit your true needs . breaking down the old and welcoming the new is favored , and therefore developing the skills of careful aim and diligent follow through . be vigilant in your healthy choices ( choose to drink copious amounts of water ! ) and be even more vigilant in opening yourself up to learn what is inside . $ you have been on a journey of process , it seems , and you may be craving something that you can sink your teeth into . whatever you are craving , your internal organs are most likely craving as well . give them something they can really gnaw on , such as : kale , chard , fennel , and chicory . leafy green salads and roots vegetables can make a big difference in your outlook on life , believe it or not . take a night off from working out and plan some meals that include these ingredients . $ today 's planetary alignment gives you the ability to weigh both sides of an issue and decide which conclusion to draw . the planetary energies working together are reminiscent of the effects of the combos : diet and exercise , rest and action , time alone and time shared with others whenever possible . in each coupling , there is the preparation aspect and the realization aspect . bringing this kind of balance into your life takes commitment - it does not happen by chance . meditate ( whatever that means to you ) , and focus . $ there is a lot of unconscious material being stimulated right now , and you typically are not fond of this sort of thing . the manner in which you handle the unconscious is up to you . pick an area in your life - such as diet , for example , and decide to aggressively improve it . through the introduction of new nutritious substances ( tofu , root vegetables , spices ) and learning how to prepare them , your hidden feeling will be encouraged to risk making themselves known to you . $ some resistance always arises whenever change is introduced . a river 's path is not altered without a few battles between substances ! this is a natural process : let the part of you that does not want to change a habit or the part of you that do not want to open up and be exposed have its say , full and complete . then ask yourself : who is boss ? some decision must be made in order for any process to be worthwhile . walking is a good exercise to do while thinking this over . $ you can organize your life to fit your needs , the options are there for the taking . if ever the planets were encouraging you realize that you are in the driver 's seat , it is now . to bring the challenge down to a more tangible level , try challenging yourself to a more demanding physical routine . this could mean anything from starting to exercise for the first time in your life to deciding this is the year you will run a marathon . either way , you are taking control . $ today 's planetary alignment is there to encourage you in your pursuit of truth . this is like the hollywood starlet carrying out the director 's wishes with perfection and grace , creating something sublime . in other words , act out your fantasies ! remember that in order to do this successfully , you must plan . a great thing to plan is the meals you will eat in a week . plan all of them ( or up to 5 days worth ) at the start of each week . you will reap enormous benefits : physically , emotionally and financially . $ today 's energy can make us feel lonely and depressed . fear that we will not be able to accomplish what we need to accomplish grows when we are isolated . if you are in a financial position to hire a personal trainer - even for a short time - you may benefit from the experience of sharing the burden of getting into better shape , if that s possible . it is through continuing to relate to others that we make it through the tunnel and come out on the other side , where the view is magnificent . trust me ! $ on the one hand , you see many of your strengths and feel pretty good about yourself . on the other hand , you feel the one nagging thing you have not been able to quite work out dragging you down . if you continue to compare yourself to others , you will create a real problem for yourself . if you use the positive to confront the negative within yourself , you stand a chance of a real breakthrough . try to keep yourself centered through some aerobic exercise to keep the fresh blood flowing . $ today 's planetary transit makes you highly sensitive to the needs of others . you would like to see those around you feeling good . truly the most effective way of expressing this desire is to feel good yourself . perhaps on your run today you will feel like acknowledging other runners - connecting in that way that only people with sweat pouring down their faces can ! or you may want to attend a virtual yoga class where you can experience the group high of many people treating their bodies well . $ your body 's voice is apt to be silent at times . so , you will need to adhere to a regimen that does not fluctuate with every new idea that comes to your mind . when you need to motivate yourself , think of your health as a job . the successful candidate will exercise aerobically three times a week , take care to eat three balanced meals a day with only fresh fruits or vegetables for snacks between meals , and drink inordinate amounts of water throughout the day . this approach may help you stay focused when your mind is in a cloudy state . $ today 's aspects create useful energy . use this energy to get what you need and like it ! it can be physical , emotional or quite possibly sexual - and you will derive satisfaction from knowing that you are your sole soul provider ! this aspect is all about satisfaction and knowing you are in control . acknowledging the energy will cause it to grow within you , so i strongly suggest getting out there and exercising with gusto : running , walking , hiking , biking , etc . $ the sensitivity you have around issues concerning your health is rooted in your very nature . it is a nature rooted in action and receptivity . when your health is in question you tend to become depressed . therefore , take the matters of exercise , rest , and a nutritious diet seriously - make them priorities no matter where you are or what you are doing . your sensitive nature depends on nurturing and constant attention . $ too much activity will take a toll on your body . you need to pay special attention to how much relaxation time you give yourself . if you exercise during the morning , make sure you get to bed early enough at night . do not spread yourself thin or your immune system might be put in jeopardy . to encourage you to relax , get in the habit of drinking herbal tea which is also a nice excuse to sit still for half an hour ! $ today 's planetary movement gives you more conviction than you know how to deal with . get used to bold feelings and confusion . people might tell you that you 're self - centered when you 're feeling kind . you might not know exactly how to love yourself . give yourself some space by letting the little things count . wash your toes when you take a shower . get a haircut , if possible . do not bite your nails . exercise when you feel stressed or anxious . focus on yourself in a positive way . $ feeling a little blocked lately ( emotionally or physically ) ? this might have something to do with a tense period you 're going through , where things tend to get a little bottlenecked . keep all channels open with plenty of water and fresh vegetables and at least a few virtual yoga classes or whatever exercise releases your tension the best . try to do this whenever you are subjected to a lot of stress , rather than putting it off until afterwards . you will be much happier ! $ with so much physical energy at your disposal , it 's a wonder that you are not a professional athlete or dancer ! you must have realized by now that you are one vital individual . today you might seriously consider the ramifications of this and decide it 's time to implement some health habits into your life that will bring that energy to a constructive level . regular exercise and a balanced diet may not be enough ! meditation could do you good , or maybe the martial arts ? $ it 's never too late to begin your health regimen . whatever you find yourself doing in the present moment can be shifted in a healthier direction . if you 're about to have a meal , think about the most nutritious thing you could enjoy , and make that your priority . if you 're about to go home , ask yourself what kind of exercise you can fit in between now and bedtime , and make it happen ! with practice , the healthy habits will come naturally . $ give yourself the benefit of looking good . that 's right : pay attention to how you look . this is not as superficial as it sounds . making yourself look good is an effort to notice what you like about yourself and what you feel are your strongest characteristics . noticing this is the first step toward acting on what you want to improve . whether it 's a haircut or some exercise , you will accept what you need to do more readily in the context of looking good . $ learn all you can about maintaining optimal health . food choices and exercise are of course daily concerns , but it would also pay to develop a knowledge base about the functioning of your internal organs . do you know much about your colon and how to keep it healthy ? do you know how to take care of your kidneys with proper hydration ? there is abundant information on the web - take advantage and start feeling even better than you do at your best ! $ with today 's planetary movements , it 's time to look at your what foods you ve been eating regularly and how it 's affecting your emotions . practice taking a good look at how you are feeling when you get ready for bed and when you get ready for work in the morning . do you feel strong and flexible , calm , and relaxed ? food has a tremendous impact on how we process our emotions , both what we eat and how we eat it . start paying closer attention , it may be time to re - examine some of your habits like eating while taking in a particularly upsetting news segment , or eating at your desk because you don t feel you can afford the time it takes to take a proper lunch break . $ give yourself the room you need to have a good , healthy week . this involves planning ahead . have an idea of what sort of workout you are going to enjoy each day , plan at least three meals that you prepare at home ( with leftovers for lunch the next day ! ) , and give yourself a general hour by which to be ready for bed . this kind of planning will stand you in good stead as you try to settle your body 's energy during hectic times . $ it 's time for you to start thinking about what your goals are health - wise . there is no way to hit the target if you are a jumble of thoughts inside . make sure you have the rest you need to allow you to think clearly with a rested mind . if you have access to these foods and can tolerate them , consider adding beets ( don t forget that beet greens are delicious sautéed with a bit of garlic , lemon , and olive oil ) , tomatoes , and dark green vegetables in your meals to help cleanse your liver . most of all focus on developing a habit of mild exercise that you can do nearly every day . your mind could use a break from running itself in circles , and one of the easiest ways to do this is to engage in physical activities that ground you into your body . $ sagittarius is always ready to try something ( or someone ) new . you find it easier to say yes than no . you are responsible for what you bring into your life and consequences are very real . likewise , we are responsible to our bodies . what we eat is going to stick with us . you will feel what you let into your body for much longer than the time it takes to ingest it . pay special attention to this process and learn the benefits of saying no . $ you may have the best of intentions but not enough follow through in your exercise regimen . one way to take the burden off yourself is to join a group that exercises regularly - a virtual team or a class of some sort . this will keep you on track in spite of your mood . you can also enlist the help of a physical trainer , though this is the more expensive option . do not let a little planetary configuration get in the way of your best foot forward ! $ today 's transit is a lovely one for the sensually oriented . your body is your temple , and it 's a great couple of days for worship ! try to prepare your food as though you were a religious monk celebrating the deity of pleasure : fresh fruits ( organic taste better ) , whole grains , and your favorite flavors . your body is a sacred ornament : polish it within and without with exercise ( yoga massages your internal organs ) and exfoliating baths ( oats and chopped pear is a great mixture to bring into the water and rub onto your skin ) . $ giving in to what you feel like doing every minute of the day can be a wonderful fantasy but not a very healthy practice ! having a body is a bit like having a job , and you can make this either the best or the most challenging job you ever have ! a regular , well thought - out program is recommended for a positive working relationship with your body . begin to notice whether you give your body a real vote in the daily decisions you make about your health . $ not every day is meant to be earth shattering . you may find yourself wanting some fizzy feeling that just is not there right now . breathe deeply , relax and consider the ebb and flow of it all . do something good for your health in preparation for the exciting times to come ! drink water , plan your meals ahead of time , get out there are do a little exercise . do not despair - the good times are just around the corner ! $ the planetary position today prompts you to center your mind through physical activity . yoga , stretching and running are all activities that require concentrated breathing , and this is recommended now . balance is everything . breathe in and breathe out . if your body is not on a regular schedule your mind will find it more challenging to handle decision - making and emotional communication . concentrate on eating at regular times and getting exercise at least three times a week . $ with today 's planetary position you are bound to feel some tension around getting what you want . you can try to ignore it , but in the end your frustration will only rise up with very little control . taking control is recommended - in your diet , your exercise regimen and your daily schedule . getting the rest you need determines your approach to daily life , so why not control your bedtime and wake up on the right side of the bed tomorrow ? $ today 's celestial configuration gives you more energy than you know what to do with . internally you may feel confused or frustrated , while externally you may seem radiant and glowing . do not let what others do or say influence your choices when it comes to your health . follow your own internal measure regarding what you eat and how much , if any , alcohol you take in . there is no one else but you who knows exactly what it 's like to be in your body . $ today 's aspects keep you feeling vulnerable for a little while . this vulnerability translates into a need to physically act out what you are feeling inside . there will be days when a challenging run or a boxing workout will release your energy in a positive way . other days yoga and a long hot bath will help you find inner balance . either way , you are paying attention to your body and that is important . $ the planetary alignment of the day creates an energy that gives you a chance to express your wildest dreams . what does this mean for your health ? perhaps it 's a moment when you will be able to envision what diet is right for your body . we can go an entire lifetime ignoring what our bodies truly need . only your inner voice can direct you to what is truly healthy for you . listen to your body for clues and heed the messages . $ today 's celestial atmosphere awakens your fiery nature , and you will want to find yourself in the gym or running on the trail to make the most of it ! the planetary configuration also says to keep variety in your life through alternating the kinds of physical activity you partake in . make the most of the high energy and take care not to let it run amuck by internalizing it and letting it mess with your emotional core . $ you will probably be frustrated by all the misfiring that goes on due to the celestial atmosphere prevailing today . this is a perfect opportunity to learn about yourself and how you respond to frustration . one thing to notice is how the food you eat supports you or sabotages you under circumstances of frustration . try to reduce your sugar intake and increase your intake of raw fruits and vegetables . meanwhile , drink plenty of water . with a healthy diet , what once frustrated you could become merely amusing . $ with the celestial atmosphere today , you are faced with balancing your emotional life to make things work in other areas of your life . the first thing you need to do is relax . breathe in deeply and let yourself feel the healing energy inherent in purposeful breathing . then look to see what is potentially threatening your overall sense of wellbeing . just taking the time to notice your feelings will often allow balance to settle over you . $ there is beauty in the air , and it 's going to make you feel good to notice it . take the time to notice the little things that are truly beautiful in your life . if you are watching your diet and making sure to consume only locally grown organic produce you can see the beauty in the simple nutrition you get from this food , for instance . what 's more , if you are preparing the food you eat for yourself and others , there is beauty in this communion . $ you need to be complimented on your energy ! much is made of the explosiveness your sign is associated with , but you are not often enough praised for the quality of initiation it brings , and which our planet could not survive without . you have the capacity to spark acts of initiation in others , and if approached with the right intention this can in affect change the world . the alignment at play today gives you a wonderful context in which to act for the greater good . $ the next six months will be greatly affected by the current planetary alignment . what you initiate now will determine who and what your life is about in the weeks to come - but not to worry ! it 's simply a matter of paying attention to what matters and not ignoring what is truly important . you just need to focus on your favorite priorities , such as health , job and good relationships with others , right ? $ the innovative energy of today 's aspect makes you feel optimistic about the future in many ways . you may be ahead of your time , however . concentrate on the here and now . give yourself the best possible present by tending to your physical needs . this means plenty of fresh drinking water , lots of good rest and lots of organic foods for your body . exercise keeps you full of positive energy that gets you where you want to go . $ the planets ' positions bring you back to what you were curious about a couple months back . it may have to do with a person you are intrigued by . whatever your heart feels , keep your body in tune by regular exercise and drinking plenty of water . you cannot follow your heart if your body is not ready to move ! rest will help balance your digestive and excretory systems , and that in turn will keep your energy pure for when you need it most ! $ the planetary alignment today has you feeling , if not your best , then at least very vivid this week ! there is some contentment to be had in knowing that you are a vibrant and emotional soul . to keep yourself healthy both physically and emotionally , do not skimp on the physical exercise this week . make it a priority to get some exercise that reinvigorates you , whether that 's walking , running , lifting weights or even gardening . whatever keeps your blood flowing is your highest priority . $ today there are positive aspects beginning for you - supporting you in your endeavors . this may alleviate the haunting sense that you are all alone . many people will be brought to greater sensitivity ( and necessary self - questioning ) by this transit , and the result of this is that you will feel more like part of the gang around other people than you normally do . to accentuate this feeling of strength and self - confidence , you are encouraged to go to the gym , if possible , and build your upper - body strength . $ today 's aspect gives you a feeling of unrest - psychologically more than physically . in fact , if you use exercise to beat back the sense of malaise that this transit can cause , you will be the better for it . the celestial configuration brings about self - interest and insensitivity in people - two qualities that rub you the wrong way . for your own sake , focus on yourself and treat your body the way you would like the earth to be treated - kindly , gently , and with respect . $ today 's planetary alignment means you will have the occasional logistical mess to contend with . no one is more forgiving than you when it comes to human error , so be sure to turn some of that compassion towards yourself when you become frustrated ! to ward off any mounting frustration , consider working out more rather than less often . use the stress to stay aware of what you need . do not look away because that is when disaster strikes ! $ with today 's aspect comes a time to consider practical matters surrounding your ability to relate to people . if you are frustrated in areas of your life that do not involve relationships , then you are bound to bring that frustration into these relationships . in other words , concentrate on your body and wellbeing . give yourself the benefit of a healthy diet and plenty of rest . this will support you in other areas of your life . $ the atmosphere of the day is like having a very fast car to take you where you would like to go . where would you like to go ? while you 're deciding , make yourself into the best vehicle you can be for your spirit . healthy foods , plenty of rest , lots of water , and regular exercise are your ticket to a clear advantage . emotions will always be something for you to manage in your own time but stick to a plan when it comes to exercise . $ the best kind of exercise is exercise you enjoy . you may not feel like doing the same thing every day , but it is sometimes easier to follow a routine . just make sure that what you do is appealing enough so that you do not skip your workout . you are prone to emotional intensity and you cannot let that determine whether or not you get to the gym ! maybe there is a friend who could work out with you , to add to the enjoyment . $ the aspect of the day creates a kind of harmony that gives you a peaceful feeling today . you may find others who feel the same way and by all means acknowledge it and encourage it . also , take a moment to check in with your body and notice where this feeling is coming from , where it is registered . that is a very special place in your body , and you may want to find some way of honoring it . applying a hot compress with fresh sage leaves would be lovely . $ there may be some conflict today between what you are willing to do for someone else and what you are willing to do for yourself . or the conflict could be at work and concern not only you but some office mates as well . whenever conflict rears its head there is opportunity for learning . to learn from conflict , we need to step back and get some perspective on it . deep breathing helps very much in this regard . keep aware of your breath and all will be well . $ today 's energy gives you some help in terms of expressing what you feel ; however , stay especially tuned in to the origin of your emotions . you may confuse yourself emotionally and transfer the frustrations of one relationship onto another . these are things that happen and can be acknowledged , but you may just as well want to spend some time by yourself these days . exercise is a great way to take some time for yourself while still feeling you 're a part of the world ! $ today 's aspect gives you a chance to express your playfulness with others . enjoy this transit by increasing the amount of exercise you do - remember that increased energy comes from increased exercise . this transit can also have long lasting effects on your close relationships . show people the warm and playful side of yourself , show your affection and open up to receiving affection from others . drink plenty of water to keep you present and able to feel your fullest . $ today you may feel like expressing yourself in the strongest and clearest way you know how but be careful ! when has this ever truly worked for you ? you sometimes confuse clear with aggressive and truth with opinion . you can risk scaring someone away this way . it 's important to learn to blend your perceptions with the understanding that everyone 's reality is personal . it may help you to see your own feelings as temporary and in flux . $ sagittarius is always ready to try something ( or someone ) new . you find it easier to say yes than no . you are responsible for what you bring into your life and consequences are very real . likewise , we are responsible to our bodies . what we eat is going to stick with us . you will feel what you let into your body for much longer than the time it takes to ingest it . pay special attention to this process and learn the benefits of saying no . $ you 're not as helpless as you think ! regardless of what you think cannot be undone - somewhere inside is the emotional courage it takes to change the direction of things . if it 's been a while since your last day of exercise , just do a little today : walk as much as you can , including walking to an appointment or grocery shopping instead of using a car or bus . remember every journey starts with a first step ! take some big , deep breaths and grant yourself the courage to take it . $ this is a good day for you in your close relationships . the energy is there to feel all the security you need , while at the same time acknowledging the reality that those closest to you may need a little space . whatever you can do to help this kind of experience along is recommended : have flowers delivered , take a deep breath when you do not have the words to express yourself , and wait to see what the other person has to say . this in itself can make you feel relaxed and well . $ it 's not going to be an easy day for you , especially if you skipped breakfast ! some protein with your next meal is recommended . you should give yourself the luxury of feeling grounded today , above all else . accomplishing this is different for everybody , but it 's safe to say that you would be better off having a home - cooked dinner than getting takeout , better off walking than traveling by car , and better off sleeping in your own bed than someone else 's - though that do not necessarily mean sleeping alone ! $ things may not be exactly as you want them today , but they are actually pretty good when you really think about it . it 's important to try to get a little perspective on things . cut yourself some slack about your appearance , for one thing . you have a lot of baggage ( we all do ) when it comes to your appearance , and you must remember that the most important things in life are on the inside of your body . with that in mind , give your inner organs the benefit of some aerobic exercise . $ you could be feeling social today , a positive shift from those days of contrariness you 've been experiencing . make sure that what you invite into your life is really what you want to keep . there is still the tendency to be extra - sensitive , and big surprises are waiting around certain corners . proceed with caution ! any unpredictability can be toned down by increasing your intake of iodine - rich foods : kelp and cucumber among them . maybe tonight is the night to indulge in your favorite sushi ! $ your desire to go astray is strong . you may feel drawn to the exact opposite of what you know is good for you . there is no judgment here , but a little awareness may help you over the next few weeks - a little bit of balance can go a long way . therefore , try to stay collected and calm , regardless of how hectic and confusing the day may be . if you want an ice cream cone , it would be better to jog to the store instead of taking the car ! $ today  's astral energy enhances your natural sense of being grounded . the neck , throat and thyroid gland are special areas of the body that you need to take especially good care of . the thyroid governs our weight and physical mass . the regular exercise you do will assist the thyroid in protecting your body against irregular weight gain or loss . pay special attention to your neck if you sit at a computer . be sure to stretch those muscles during the day . $ you can feel like the world 's most sensual person at times , and the planets support this kind of feeling . let your emotions guide you in creating a wholly nurturing environment around yourself . give yourself the right foods to feel your best and respect your body 's need for physical exercise and adequate rest . if you tend to look after other people 's needs , use today to identify the things that you so often go without . then fulfill your own needs first . $ today you can feel in tune with your most important emotions . you might attempt to focus your energy on creating affection instead of simply unleashing it . you need plenty of affection in your life in order to feel your best . when words fail , try to give yourself the opportunity to express your needs through affecting others in a positive light . you have a special connection to the economy . giving your time or money to a needy cause helps you feel pleasantly connected with the world . $ you will feel sympathetic to the underdog today . you may also feel so sensitive that you get your feelings hurt through some kind of misunderstanding . bolster your defense mechanisms with protective measures . sign up for an online self - defense class . look into the martial arts as a new form of exercise to integrate into your repertoire . give yourself the benefit of drinking plenty of water and substituting herbal tea for coffee every so often . echinacea and chamomile are recommended . $ balancing the need for emotional security with the drive for independence is an essential part of your life path . this process can be mirrored in how you approach exercise . the security of a daily routine is beneficial and reliable . the drive to do whatever you want , whenever you want can sometimes lead to a gap in progress . if you cannot make exercise happen some days , balance that out with lots of water and no coffee . $ the words you use today could have great impact . be honest and clear within yourself before you try to communicate . clear your mind by meditation or yoga , running , or spending some time organizing a messy desk . if you feel someone does not understand you , be the first to apologize for any miscommunication . you may feel that someone appears to misunderstand you on purpose ! keep your cool and just restate your feelings . try to navigate yourself so you avoid conflict today . $ when someone as talented as you are gets stuck behind a desk , it 's a crying shame . if you feel the creative artist inside kicking to be let out of the closet , open the door ! by all means this world needs another picasso , another simone de beauvoir . why not investigate the offers at the local college and see if a future online class in your preferred field would fit your schedule ? if you get pleasure from arranging flowers at home , then it 's time to put flowers in the family budget ! $ the current planetary aspect may have you feeling that there is no way to approach feelings without there being any trouble . you may experience other people 's feelings as obstacles , or somehow too much to deal with . your own feelings may seem out of reach or overwhelming . try to take some quiet time to center yourself and find your emotional core . any element 's hold on you is stronger when you are unaware of it , so try to pay attention to what you are feeling by getting some kind of exercise . $ when you set your mind to something , it is highly probable that you will succeed in what you set out to do . with today 's astral configuration , this is especially true if the something you have set your sights on is a virtuous goal . consider the goals you have set for yourself that involve your health . whether it 's diet , rest , or exercise , you will be supported by this aspect to fulfill and renew your commitment . $ the current planetary configuration recalls goals you set in the distant past . whatever you want to achieve in terms of your well - being is going to be more apparent to you . now you can access what your true wishes are : do you want to have more strength ? do you wish to sleep better ? do you want to be more energized but consume less caffeine ? whatever your desires are , get clear about them today in order to have a better chance of acting on them . $ once you have set your own health goals , you will inevitably compare your health habits to other people 's . this is natural in the beginning and can be either encouraging or discouraging . the goal is really to focus on yourself , and refrain from comparison or judgment . just take yourself and your goals seriously ! if it helps , write down your intentions for the day and check them off at night . reward yourself for healthy behavior - perhaps with a nice bubble bath ! $ when creating your healthy lifestyle , it 's important to set specific goals within a specific timeframe . be careful , however , not to over - estimate your goals or to expect immediate results . focus instead on taking some action each day , no matter how small . once you 've got this going , you will be able to shift the focus to what else is important to you . you may need more in your life to balance your personal health goals . is there a volunteer organization that appeals to you ? $ give yourself plenty of room today . your need for independence is high , as is your need to concentrate on yourself . you may worry about what others think of your behavior , but the truth is they have their own behavior to worry about . take action for your health today - that is how you will get your space , your concentration , and feel like you are making progress . remember , there is no step too small . choose to have choice in what you eat : organic is worth it ! $ there is a skip in your step today ! you have felt the struggle of the last few days , and it is a relief to relax and reflect on what you learned . you have brought the life of the body into focus , and you may want to open up to something new as a complement . aromatherapy is an ancient and subtle practice . many alternative markets carry aromatherapy materials . the essences of nasturtium , iris , and tansy can help you break through fixed attitudes and behavior patterns . $ if you can connect with the subtle process of growth , you will be able to get a lot out of each season . begin letting go of old , unnecessary behavior patterns and feel the gentle shifting inward , which is where you will find the next step . letting go is not an easy task , so it is important to keep your mind open to the new . you are only giving up in order to get something else , something hopefully healthier and happier for you ! $ if you are staying grounded and have been making headway in the choice of food you eat and your daily exercise practice , today may come and go with no great strain . if , on the other hand , you have been ignoring your body 's more subtle messages , you may receive a wakeup call . attention is required in order to live the healthiest way possible . address your body 's wishes as much as you possibly can . if you do not hear your body 's messages , you need to take the time to tune in . $ you may feel some extra energy today . the astral alignment is making us all more acutely aware of our needs ; there is an urgency to things emotional and a tendency to be overwhelmed . quiet your mind in order to find the perspective you need . it 's a good idea to make a plan for how the day and evening will go , and then stick to it . make yourself as comfortable as possible : pile on extra blankets and lots of fluffy pillows ! $ even though you may not feel like compromising today , it may be pretty hard to avoid ! instead of trying to do everything and as a result getting into a rut , keep your priorities at the top of your list throughout the day . remember that you are of little use to others if your own needs have gone unmet . what do you really need to accomplish ? your health needs should be among your highest priorities : good fresh food that you eat slowly is a must ! $ there is so much that you can do to enhance your day - to - day living experience ! fresh flowers in a blue and yellow color scheme can lift the spirits . a clean desk or a made bed makes you rest easier . equally important is the proper and diligent tending to your body . is your bathroom equipped with some great smelling shampoo or hand soap ? these small amenities can give you a sense of well - being when other parts of life are hectic . $ today you may feel a desire to satisfy your deepest urges . try to plan ahead : shop for dinner early and know what you want to prepare . make yourself healthy renditions of your favorite comfort foods you loved as a child . give into the urge to rest and nurture yourself , but in a healthy and conscious way . if it s possible to have others eating dinner with you , ask them to take a walk with you afterward . enjoy yourself and be enjoyed ! $ whatever you gave yourself yesterday in terms of food and exercise may not be appropriate for today . try to vary your behavior and still be conscious of the needs of the body . consider forms of exercise that you have never participated in : consider why this is - are there body issues that keep you from possibly enjoying certain forms of exercise ? today 's aspect assists you in probing these depths . try tapping into memories of early childhood experiences on the playground . $ today 's aspect at play gives you a leg up in exploratory thinking . the ability to recall early experiences or to examine body issues will be enhanced . try to use this aspect to heighten your awareness of your body . a challenging yoga workout will focus your mind and create space for new awareness to emerge . do not push yourself but stay on top of the exercise . accept any resurfacing memories or new self - knowledge without placing judgement . $ the planetary energy is challenging you to shift gears and ask yourself whether you actually feel as healthy as you want to feel : in your body , in your outlook on life , and in your relationships . there are things you can do to feel more comfortable in all of these areas - you 've just got to take a look at your situation and be honest with yourself . in order to feel the healthiest you possibly can , you have to first face your reality , today . $ today 's planetary alignment impels you to create structure and balance . you work out , you run , you eat right , you invest in holistic products , but what good is it all if you cannot have a cuddle on the couch with the living entity of your choice ? after all , this is what makes us feel whole and well . whether its love or friendship you have in your life at the moment , people or adored pets , do not forget your need for tenderness and intimacy . $ today 's transit is a lovely one for the sensually oriented . your body is your temple , and it 's a great couple of days for worship ! try to prepare your food as though you were a religious monk celebrating the deity of pleasure : fresh fruits ( organic taste better ) , whole grains , and your favorite flavors . your body is a sacred ornament : polish it inside and out with exercise ( yoga massages your internal organs ) and exfoliating baths ( oats and chopped pear is a great mixture to bring into the water and rub onto your skin ) . $ considering your options is as important a habit to acquire as is making decisions and taking action ! the planets are now aligned for this kind of process - are you ? whatever your health habits are , it 's a good time to eliminate the ones you no longer need . they get in the way of the process of progress . treat yourself to the physical pleasures of long walks and stretching your limbs ; forego the cheap stimulation of processed sugars and a high - carb diet . you will enjoy the results - i promise ! $ it 's not every day that you can open your mouth and like everything that comes out ! with today 's astral configuration , it might surprise you how easily you express yourself . most importantly , you will be able to hear your own inner voice telling you exactly what you need and when you need it . when you wake up in the morning and you hear i 'm thirsty , try to understand that the voice means water , not coffee ! listen well and give yourself what you need first . $ today 's energy has a great personal impact . the deeper you go to find your truth , the brighter you will shine . there is a tendency for you to be somewhat afraid of risk , to appear selfish and stubborn to others because of a fear of the unknown . give yourself the permission to explore yourself without fear . treat yourself to a deep tissue massage , if possible - the journey of relaxation and free association could be a gentle way to unlock what 's inside , just waiting to get out and enrich your life . $ being yourself is feeling pretty easy these days . there is not a lot of challenge in your relationship with yourself - it is with others that the challenges can be a bit out of the ordinary . concentrate on your own space : your relationship with yourself is the longest lasting one of your life and you must learn to take it seriously . nowhere is this reflected more truthfully than in your diet . are you giving yourself what you would give the most important person in your life ? $ for you , the energy emanating from the planets is crying out : look up ! look up from the comfort zone of your preferred pasture and check out what 's happening in the heavens above . there is possibility for new direction now . increase your flexibility : either at the gym , if possible , or in your working life . go places you normally do not go . wake up earlier and take invigorating walks to better acquaint yourself with the sunrise , when dark turns to light . your job is to be open . $ if you can tune into that song on the cosmic radio , you 'll find harmony and understanding . to help clear your antennae , pay attention to what you eat , what you drink , how much you rest and how much you exercise . these habits are the key to knowing what the future holds . if you can give yourself the time and care necessary to be as healthy as you can possibly be , you will be better able to serve others and the planet . $ the world has changed since last year , and no one of us is immune to changes occurring in our personal lives . giving has taken on new meaning : we must give of our minds , not our pocketbooks . we must open up to a new way of living with others . take this period of change seriously , and you will not be left behind . yoga is a wonderful practice for giving power to the mind to show the body a new way of being . $ today you can evaluate and act with fluency . the greatest benefit of this special energy will come from focusing on yourself , not others . what is right for you in any given situation is up to you to decide . to prepare for making good dietary decisions , stock your house with healthy foods - and give yourself lots of choices . there are many ways to have healthy diet - fresh juices , colorful salads , expertly prepared tofu . these options take considerable effort , but the payoff is worth it , do not you think ? $ we are born to hope and dream . in order to encourage these beautiful qualities , we are charged with nurturing our bodies and listening to ourselves . a regular exercise regimen gives you the presence of mind to figure out your next step in life . the amount and quality of rest you give yourself is directly proportionate to your ability to know and get what you want . when you take these issues seriously , you are living to the best of your abilities . $ you may feel conflicted right now between knowing what you want to do and mustering up what it takes to make it happen . the key is actually to let it happen ! now is the time for planning and quiet inner work . in today 's 24 7 world we lose touch with the natural progression of things and feel stymied by process , frustrated by waiting , and unsatisfied by hoping . if you want to see immediate change , double your intake of water and watch what happens ! $ there is a lot of energy whirling around these days , but you have the benefit of grounded energy if you choose to use it (  ' use it or lose  ' it most definitely applies ! ) . you may want to increase your intake of water and decrease your intake of caffeine and carbonated substances . steer away from heavy foods and keep your natural energy well - positioned by eating homemade soups and salads prepared fresh with seasonal vegetables . these minor efforts can have maximum effect . $ this is a wonderfully inspired period enabling you to make plans for the future . this includes designing a house , planning a trip , or outlining a health regimen for the next three months . you have all that you need : determination , precision , creativity , and vision . use your energy like an antenna reaching out into your future . how do you want to look and feel in 3 short months ? use your determination and skills to make it happen ! $ the heavy atmosphere initiated by today 's aspect can be deflected by your pleasure - loving nature , but it is not always as easy as you might think ! generally , it 's easier to say yes than no , as it is more pleasing to fulfill rather than disappoint . however , saying no can give you the freedom to get what you really want . therefore , pleasure is not always easy to come by . consider this challenge when you are faced with your dietary choices : it comes down to a yes or a no . $ try to give to yourself before you give to others . meaning , focus on your wellness before you try to benefit from giving a sense of well - being to others . it is not easy but is an important ability to cultivate . on any given day ask yourself what you 've done for yourself : a nice refreshing run in the fresh air , particularly healthy meals and lots of water , a decision to have an early night for a good rest . these are the things that truly matter . $ use today 's planetary energy to get yourself moving ! the physical portrait for you is downward dog . if you are not familiar with this very popular yoga position , it 's like doing a push - up but hoisting your rear - end straight up toward the ceiling , so your body makes an upside down v , with only your hands and feet touching the floor . this posture releases all the tension in your neck and shoulders , where you tend to feel it most ! $ with so much of our self - esteem invested in our body image , it is the wise one who takes care to maintain his or her physical health . your underlying philosophy about health corresponds to your self - esteem . it 's the little things that matter . for instance , do you own a water bottle that you can take with you when you drive a car or take public transportation ? do you floss twice a day to keep your gums healthy ? by tomorrow make your answers yes ! $ many of us follow the diet if i can still fit into my jeans , i 'm ok - which is not the diet for optimum health . you may want to look a little deeper into what you can be doing for your health these days . you are far more capable than simply putting on a pair of pants when it comes to your health ! keep health flowing into your life by drinking water - something you can do at any time of day ! $ today 's transit creates a time of high emotional sensitivity . you might feel like curling up and staying close to home . the things that give you security will stand out . follow your heart but try to stay focused on your wellness program as well . in other words , if you are not in the mood to pump iron , at least give yourself plenty of hot herbal tea . rose hips tea will help keep your energy moving in a positive direction . $ your focus and determination are consistent qualities that others admire in you . you will admire them as well if you put them to the most personal use - your body . be rigid and demanding toward what you allow in your diet . only the best will do ! be narrow - minded and exacting about getting adequate rest . it is your best defense against the unpredictability of life ! your natural qualities can actually shape a very sensitive and gentle human being : you . $ your own health is the greatest investment you will make in your life . how have you been doing so far ? what are your plans for the future ? if you have not thought about your health as an investment , it 's time to start . what other asset have you got that affects every single waking hour ? consider breath . how you breathe effects your sleep , your digestion , the way you walk , the way you talk , the way you make love - need i say more ? yoga also helps a great deal . $ today 's planetary movement exerts an energy that might make you feel like your dreams are just out of reach . do not let this feeling discourage you , as it is only temporary . use the transit to get in touch with what you really want , so that you are able to take appropriate steps toward achieving that . the body is a lump of clay , remember ? you are the artist who shapes it . as an artist , give yourself plenty of love and encouragement . $ wanting something has usually led you to getting it , do not you find ? you have a tenacious grasp on the earthly realm , and when it comes to goal setting you are among the most impressive . when it comes to your body , your approach may need to be a little more flexible . although you tend to strive for perfection , remember that the human condition is very fluctuating , and you need to make room for the days you just will not be able to live up to your stringent expectations . take it easy on yourself . $ today 's transit makes you feel relaxed and easy going . this is a wonderful feeling , as long as you keep yourself active - it can quickly turn gluttonous and lazy if you are not careful ! short , intense workouts are favored so that you can burn off the steam that naturally builds up throughout the day without excuses ! stay away from heavy foods like bread , dairy and red meat . enjoy fresh produce , soups and legumes for energy that will not slow you down . $ when the time comes to act on something you 've been thinking about , you just know . ignoring this impulse leads to bad places : frustration , depression and listlessness among them . waking up to your inner voice is a practice . this practice should be the norm , as it has the power to shape your life . to help keep yourself closely attuned to your inner voice , it is wise to do regular physical exercise and to eliminate harmful dietary habits . $ there is a lot of pampering that you can give yourself without having to break the bank , you just need to spend a little time exploring what you like . perhaps there are certain essential oils in your medicine cabinet such as tangerine and grapefruit , that you find lifts your mood . if you have access to a bathtub , an epsom salt bath with a few drops of essential oil is an inexpensive way to bring calm to your nervous system and overly tense muscles . maybe you can give your adrenals and digestive tract a rest by switching from coffee to delicious teas that have a lower or no caffeine content . there are also several apps available these days that offer hypnosis , guided meditation , and bedtime stories designed to help you drift off to sleep . $ discipline is something you take for granted : you 've never had a problem understanding what it takes to get from a to b . however , it 's important to believe in what you set out to do . given that you have such powerful disciplinary abilities , why not take yourself in the direction you want to go ? start with a light self - massage or heating pad applied to your neck and shoulders , or any other area of your body where you store tension , and let the clear thinking begin ! $ all of this sheltering in place may have finally triggered or reinvigorated your latent nesting instinct . it 's important to heed this feeling and to do everything you can to make your home a comfortable and nurturing environment . hopefully , you already have all the wonderful things you need to make a healthy dinner at home . make it a night for you and your body : soothing , nurturing , and restful . $ one of the most important parts of relating to your own body is making sure you get adequate rest . on especially busy days when you feel pulled in many directions , it 's crucial that you calm your mind before you go to bed . a hot bath with drops of lavender is a wonderful way to accomplish mental and physical relaxation . $ whatever the source of discomfort in your life , today is giving you an opportunity to put your finger on it . this can be a frustrating planetary transit for some of you , others will find it enlightening or even amusing . open yourself up to change and release your grip on things that you know should go . this pertains to unhealthy eating habits , and laziness . your body governs how you feel to a large extent : give it the respect it deserves ! $ today 's planetary alignment creates a tension that you feel in your stomach area . this does not necessarily mean a stomachache ! it is more like a weakening of the will ( i . e . , your gut instinct ) . this aspect can present itself in a variety of ways : over - sleeping , over - eating , or forgetting to express your emotional truth to those with whom you 're in relationship . to counter these detrimental forces , concentrate on one healthy habit : drinking plenty of water over the next few weeks . $ try to see two sides of every issue today . the cosmic energy may lead you to the mirror , where you may be tempted to be scrutinizing and unforgiving . be gentle with yourself : remember that it is what you tell yourself , and not what others say , that most affects how you feel ! and you feel good if you accept yourself as you are and do your bit to stay healthy . you may use this energy to recognize and appreciate what works in your life . if your legs work , use  'em ! $ you 'll feel like indulging a bit today and that 's ok as long as you also do something to counteract your indulgence of choice . if it 's ice cream , for example , understand that lactose is difficult to break down and it also causes mucous build - up , so drink an extra lot of water to counteract these effects . if it 's taking a break from exercise , make today the day that you get to bed early so you are refreshed for tomorrow . $ your energy level may be below normal , but you can still feel connected to the excitement of living a healthy life . today 's aspect asks you to focus on your diet - you could especially benefit from eating fresh vegetables and pureed soups at this time . try to lighten up your diet by introducing legumes and fish as alternates to carbohydrates and meat . be sure to enhance your energy level with regular exercise - even if that means just stretching out on the living room floor ! $ there are many ways to come at a problem , and you are one to take perhaps the more confrontational approach , which can be really effective sometimes , but at other times difficult . today 's aspect asks you to quiet down in the face of a problem and really grasp the issues upon which everything hinges . ask yourself whether you get enough exercise , and if the answer is no just accept that for a moment . do not confront yourself with excuses ! just think about it . $ think about your most typical response to conflict and ask yourself what you would change if given the chance . this is not an easy question . the planetary configuration is going to present a situation ( or two ) which will require you to work something out . you do not have to make things perfect , but you will want to understand your role in whatever happens . what you do physically during this time will color your behavior . drink plenty of water ! $ watching the world go by will not suffice for you these days . you want more action , more involvement in things , more people to communicate with : more , more , more ! this is an effect of today 's aspect that will last for a couple of days . take this energy burst with a grain of salt because you may not feel like following through on everything you start during this phase . you would be wise to stick with your regular exercise regimen . $ creating a balance in your emotional life right now will be a priority . to help you do this , concentrate on what you eat . there must be a minimum of processed sugar in your diet if you are to feel your true emotions without the fluctuation caused by artificial preservatives . try to eliminate one dietary habit that do not help your emotional balance . soda pop is definitely one of those things . candy of course is another . notice the little things that damage your diet . $ with the current celestial energy , you will be learning the lesson of compromise . it 's not all about getting what you want - it 's about getting what you need ( to paraphrase a british rock star ) . you do not have to learn the hard way if you do not want to . the path to enlightenment begins with the body , and if you commit yourself to your body 's health , you will learn what you truly need in spiritual ways as well . $ you can give to others without sacrificing your own health . and , if you take your health seriously , you know that every decision we make throughout the day has to do with our health . so , if your friends want to meet for coffee and talk - go for it but order herbal tea if you are trying to minimize your caffeine intake ( a good idea these days ) . if it 's pasta night , have two servings of salad . $ there is a planetary configuration now that might force you to look at your whole approach to physical health and say yuck ! or c ' mon , let 's step it up ! be appreciative of the insights you have when you feel upset with things because there is much to be said for starting over with a new approach . one small step that is important for you to take , is a serious look at posture especially when you are at your desk . this can help you to avoid back and shoulder pain . $ you are greatly supported by the planetary energies on the emotional side of things but over the last few months you might have also found yourself putting on some extra weight . look not into the mirror but into your heart and mind to discover what the cause might be for this change in your body . there is no need to worry about your appearance because beauty is honesty , and if you are honest with yourself you do not need to pass judgment . $ the beauty in daily life is accentuated by today 's planetary alignment , and you must reach out and touch it ! put yourself in the position to be a part of things that are beautiful to you . health is one beautiful part of life that you can enjoy to a greater degree than you have been doing under this transit ! bestow upon yourself the extra care that makes your skin glow , your body feel alive , and that puts your mind at ease . $ your loving character will bring out the best in those around you . your compassion and willingness to be with others in the here and now will brighten the lives of those you touch . in order to keep yourself going in a healthy and positive direction , look to yourself each day and make sure you have what you need to feel your best . this most likely means staying away from dairy products and getting the exercise your strong body needs . $ when it 's time to communicate to those you love , you sometimes get a feeling that is unmistakable . there is something you want to say , and you feel it stubbornly stuck in your heart ! sometimes we resist our true impulses because of fear . this fear is perfectly natural , but it can get in the way . one way to work around fear is to stay in good ( even great ) physical condition . stay physically fit and you will be much better off in your close relationships . $ the planetary aspect of the day provides you with useful energy . those little things you want to accomplish but somehow never do will seem easy to manage if you open up to the creative energy available to you now . you generally want to feel safe and secure . therefore , try making your workout predictable and simple enough to do every day . this way you will be able to accomplish your elusive health goals without difficulty . $ today 's aspect means you 're going to stop to smell the roses whether you like it or not . bend down and tie your shoelaces . pull over and check the map . get into the groove of whatever daily life means to you and just be here now . it 's not a time to initiate brand new projects , but rather a time to check in with how you feel about current projects . regarding your diet , you may want to check whether you 're eating enough fruits and vegetables . $ there is conflict between your internal and external power sources while today 's planetary transit lasts . pay attention to conflict and try to use it to your benefit . with your nature , this can be a challenge . when faced with a conflict , ask yourself what is your desired result ? a little bit of forethought can mean the difference between a breakthrough and a breakdown . to calm your nerves during these moments of conflict , drink chamomile tea , and do not forget your exercise . $ with today 's planetary positioning , there is potential for expanding your world in innovative and creative ways . the celestial energy relates to the body today . can you see how your body might benefit from this atmosphere ? a light fast , perhaps , or a new approach to food altogether could come out of this transit . look at your physical condition and focus your intention on what you would like to change most radically . then go for it ! $ the powerful planetary alignment is all you need to feel at the top of your game ! not only that , the celestial atmosphere is backing you up with some serious fire power . now all you need to do is keep moving : keep your exercise regimen going and drink plenty of water to keep your internal systems running smoothly . if you do not manage this energetic phase with discipline and hydration , things could go a little haywire . $ the planetary alignment creates an energy under which that which you hold most dear can seem to slip away . note that this is usually more illusion than reality . your job is to behave in such a way that holds what is most dear to you in focused perspective regardless of your anxiety , worry and fear . in other words , do not to overdramatize ! to help you stay centered , take your breathing more seriously than you normally do . breathe deeply for five minutes a few times daily . $ today 's aspect will make you extra aware of what you need - the basics , such as food , sleep and love . if you are not getting enough of any of these things , or getting too much of one , then you will come to know it during the current transit . there may be some challenges you need to deal with that will at first seem frustrating , but after the initial shock , you will benefit from knowing that you 've faced an issue . $ today 's aspect gives you plenty of fire power to burst through any uncomfortable bonds that may have previously held you down - and plenty of creative energy to plan for a brilliant future ! this is a great time to get ahead at work , find a new job or simply improve your way of life . speaking of which , there is no excuse to be a couch potato unless you are seriously ill or otherwise impaired ! $ the aspect of the day gives you a feeling that anything is possible - and it is . but you are reminded by your body every day that whatever you do is greatly enhanced by a feeling of physical vitality . take that i can do anything energy and apply it to your workout or exercise regimen . plan your exercise for the week and stick to it , knowing that if you feel physically vital you are more likely to succeed . likewise , eat for success ! $ another pleasant transit gives you the ease of getting what you want without stepping on other people 's toes . however , you have to know what you want in order to get it , and that 's where the work comes in . centering yourself has to be part of your daily program . exercise is a great way to do this . so is actively managing your diet so that you know what to expect from what you eat . $ today 's transit brings out your softer side - you may want to stay close to your kids today or stay home from work if possible . you can also explore your soft side while at work , by listening to your co - workers and showing them that you care , or by being supportive . in any case , it 's important to emphasize your soft side because there is also room for conflict if you harden up and show low tolerance for people or situations . to stay loose and avoid processed sugar . $ today 's planetary alignment benefits communication in almost every aspect of your life . the key is to understand the principle of brotherly love . if you seek to understand , rather than be understood , you will be greatly assisted by this transit . to prepare your mind and ears for listening , take some deep breaths and hold for a second or two before exhaling nice and long . this gets the blood flowing around your head and supports your thought processes . $ today 's aspect gives you a fresh burst of fiery energy to complement your already fiery nature . look at yourself in the mirror and notice what a radiant smile you have , what an outgoing personality you have to charm people with . these are all blessings that you can be thankful for . your greatest blessing however is good health . are you eating plenty of healthy things each and every day ? nothing will make you feel better than a balanced diet . $ given your ability to see two sides to everything ( if not more ) , today will feel a bit extreme . use your energy to prepare yourself for unforeseen needs : stock the refrigerator with fresh , healthy food , run the errands pertaining to your health , and organize your bathroom cabinets so that you have what you need in case you get sick . if you feel prepared , you will feel more secure . also - this is not a good day to make or break commitments . $ whatever the source of discomfort in your life , today is giving you an opportunity to put your finger on it . this can be a frustrating planetary transit for some of you , others will find it enlightening or even amusing . open yourself up to change and release your grip on things that you know should go . this pertains to unhealthy eating habits , and laziness . your body governs how you feel to a large extent . give it the respect it deserves ! $ today might feel like an all work and no play day . discipline and routine are not your favorite combination . however , if you 've got some work to do on your body , such as stopping some poor habits and starting some new , good ones , you 'll find it easier to do today . find some inspiring recipes online and plan a few meals for the week . by trying something new and healthy , you 'll be accomplishing something important and making it fun at the same time . $ you are calling the shots today . your psychic ability to read other people 's thoughts is especially accurate . nothing helps you more , physically or emotionally , than breathing exercises . running or other aerobic exercise , like yoga , will give you a big lift today . breathing will help with your timing , too . when you keep track of your own breath , you know when to inhale and when to exhale , and in turn you can more intuitively know when to say something and when to remain silent . $ your dreams and intuition meet head - on with your will to succeed and your drive . but maybe you do not really have a goal in mind that would benefit from this kind of energy . that 's fine ; all you need to do today is listen to your inner voice and take notes . there 's nothing that says you must decide anything now . but you may want to anticipate the decisions you know are coming up . this will help you to be prepared . $ i would not be surprised if you shed some tears today . who ever said it 's wrong to cry ? do you pretend you 're not feeling anything at all when you are overwhelmed ? if today is indeed a day that finds you crying , be happy ! blocked emotions weigh you down and make it hard for you to feel alive . if you can make it to a gentle yoga or a meditation class , it would help you to explore some unexpressed emotions you might not even know are there . $ try to pay special attention to the health of your lungs at this time . i recommend avoiding cigarette smoke and visualizing whirled peas ! ( get it ? ) peas are rich in thiamin ( vitamin b1 ) - exactly what you need to regulate the health of your lungs . also , communication with your co - workers and other day - to - day relationships will be challenging today . you may feel you are being perfectly clear and even tolerant , but some people just do not seem to get it ! if you find yourself bottling up your frustrations , try visualizing yourself in the world you wish to create , and do not be discouraged by the ineptitude of those around you . $ do not let the turkeys get you down . when the going gets tough , the tough get going . all these clichés apply right now , even though you may not take them seriously ! if you find yourself in need of some attitude medicine , try the following : brew parsley , peppermint and skullcap ( an herb you can find in a health food store or online ) in a pot with some water . keep the mixture in a jar in the fridge . take a few sips before sleep or pour some into a hot bath . $ the planetary energy makes your quick - witted and clever mind more alert than usual . you may benefit from a little healthy common sense . give in to your best intentions when it comes to your physical and emotional well - being . watch out for distracting tendencies such as doing things for other people . yoga could be just what you need to balance the impulse to go in many directions at once . do not forget to drink lots of water . $ there is more to staying fit than eating right and exercising . you can benefit from paying closer attention to everything in your life : how clean is your car ? do you make your bed every morning ? how long do you go without doing the laundry ? these things affect how you perceive life , whether it is easy or hard , even going as far as whether you are optimistic or pessimistic . today 's positioning of the planets supports the general inquiry into these finite parts of life . use the force ! $ you are an excellent friend , although you can easily become over - extended ! the ability to see and understand the motivations of others can end up making you confused about where you stand , personally . give yourself some undivided attention today and quiet your inner voice . yoga is an excellent way of doing this while also strengthening your lungs and nervous system through deep breathing . why not dedicate some of your energy to yourself ? you 'll appreciate the enhanced concentration that is a side effect of yoga . $ if you are having trouble concentrating , you may need to exercise your body and give your mind a rest . bikram yoga is recommended , but not for the faint of heart ! be sure to drink plenty of water before and during this intense practice . alternatively , you may want to request a deep tissue massage from someone at home - the longer the better ! give yourself the pleasure and benefit of a deeply relaxing physical experience . follow - up with the healing effects of sage leaf : either in food , or you can use sage oil on your skin . $ you may feel like you 're at the top of your game . the planetary alignment gives you the support you need to express your complex emotions : you find words work well for you when you talk about your feelings . it 's not always necessary to talk to someone else , though . try having a conversation with yourself to sort out your feelings when you are running or doing strength training . it 's helpful to clarify your thoughts and feelings while you work out . $ you may find yourself involved in a deep conversation today . there is room for unusual expression - humorous , perhaps , or surprising in other ways . it 's important to stay grounded and fly under the radar so that you do not get flooded . stay in tune with your body , as you may experience unusual hunger , or crave some unusual taste or spice . follow your instincts and gratify yourself , explore the new . also , try to be in bed early tonight . your body will appreciate the extra rest . $ it will be in your best interest today to participate fully in what you do . turn on your inner light and work to the best of your abilities , and i assure you it will be appreciated . treat yourself with the same focused attention . give yourself the full benefit of a little exercise , a special meal that nourishes your body , and a nice relaxing time before bed to calm your thoughts and reflect on your day . these recommendations could keep you out of trouble ! $ given the current astral energy , you might be hearing the voice ringing in everyone 's head : enough ! i want what i want , and i want it now ! if this brings apprehension , it 's because the day 's planetary aspect is not through with you yet . whatever the limitations you have been incorporating into your life may be , they need to be closely examined . ask yourself if you are doing the best that you can in your self - care , particularly when it comes to your health . $ you are a curious and bright individual , so try to harness these qualities and apply them to your diet this month . over the next several months , you will need to look at your bodily systems and treat them with care . available produce will change - are you interested in what 's available , and where you can get it ? the price of organic produce is a little higher - are you curious as to why , and whether or not you think it 's worth it ? begin to inform yourself on these and other diet - related issues . $ the more information you have about the food you put into your body , the better your decisions will be , and the better you will feel overall ! find out what is important to you about the food you eat - beyond taste ! are there agricultural communities in your area ? if so , be aware of what they produce and how they do it . knowledge about food and how it is grown becomes more and more important and it will change the way you eat , the supplements you decide to take , and generally enhance your awareness about what your body needs . $ part of your nature is to see both sides of an issue . another part of your nature is to be blind to the issue altogether because you have over - extended yourself . in other words , the real issue can sometimes get lost in the many perspectives you are able to see . this is why routine is so vital to your sign - routine in the most basic sense . try to strengthen your routine by exercising every day and planning your meals ahead of time . spontaneity should fall within structure . $ there are , thankfully , many ways to keep routine and structure interesting . if you are someone who enjoys yoga , there are many different methods to choose from , and different positions to choose from within one method . if you enjoy running or walking , there are as many paths to take as there are days in the year . keep variety as part of your routine so that you do not get bored . it 's best to limit your choice of times , however : choose a morning and an evening time and alternate between them . $ are you familiar with the phrase beginner 's luck ? it is typical for you to grasp very quickly the point of a given exercise - but also to tire of it just as quickly . for instance , if you have been somewhat regular about diet and exercise , you will feel the effects almost immediately . however , that positive effect will also make you feel like it 's ok to slacken your routine . resist this tendency by incorporating more elements into your healthy regimen : get to bed earlier and wake up earlier ! $ regularity in practice is the answer to almost all of your health concerns . you will benefit tremendously from a regular yoga practice , running , or gym workout . exercise can be almost a religious practice for some , for it relieves the nervousness and anxiety that plague everyday living . finding a reason for the health regimen you keep is a good idea . this is a good time to ask yourself , what is health all about for me ? $ keep asking yourself what health means to you , even if you 've found it impossible to stick to any kind of routine lately ! asking the question an important step in doing those healthy things , because in order to commit you need understanding . for you especially , there has got to be a connection between the heart and the mind ( it beats the running around in circles game ! ) . keep investigating where the food you eat comes from . $ there is a sensitivity to your spirit that is often overlooked ! with so much distraction in the world , you must become very aware of your attention so that you can focus it on yourself . focus is a great aspect of yoga , especially focus on the breath . breathing exercises are a wonderful and a simple skill to learn . yet it is not so easy to stick to regular breathing exercises . greater control over your own attention will increase the quality of your life immeasurably . $ awareness can lead to two very different places : confusion and clarity . when you become more aware of what you need in your life , and you clearly go for it , you find clarity . resistance , however , leads to confusion . when you feel confused , respect yourself and the process of working through it by staying with the confusion until you have experienced some sort of shift . your own practice of either meditation or light exercise will be your guide . talk rarely accomplishes anything ; being with yourself more consciously is what 's required . $ today 's planetary aspect is a dynamic one for many signs . you can give something your best shot and either succeed or fail , but it 's how you feel about yourself in the process that will tell you what sort of day you 're having ! accept yourself unconditionally ; continue with your regular practice of exercise and a healthy diet no matter what . only then will you see that the way you feel is largely determined by how you treat yourself . $ a breakthrough and a breakdown have more similarities than differences . there is much to learn from failure , and much to consider once success has been achieved . you cannot do enough to instill within yourself a core of regularity . perhaps this is already recognizable in your life , but could it be a healthier core ? if morning coffee is a ritual , would you consider changing to tea ? green tea ? if the pattern is to be 5 minutes late , can you change it to 5 minutes early ? $ you may secretly consider that doing something halfway is good enough . well , it 's time to blow that little secret out of the water - the only person you are really fooling is yourself ! begin regulating your behavior and noticing when you drift away from your intended goals . it 's quite likely that you are setting your sights too high . try reducing your workout time , easing up on your diet , and building the habit of regularly accomplishing what you set out to do . $ when you have your own health practice in order , it is easier to deal with those day to day obstacles . but too often , we let the obstacles determine our health practice . if only there was a way to have perspective when you need it the most - there is ! keeping discipline in your routine is the best way to overcome the confusion that settles in when the going gets tough . when all else fails , a hot bath does wonders for both body and mind ! $ the planetary alignment is emphasizing your emotions . if you set the stage properly , this brief transit will allow you to see more clearly into your mind . set the stage with yoga , rest , exercise and a mindful diet . allow yourself to know what you 've been avoiding - ask for awareness so that you can progress along your personal path . it 's important to eschew all inner judgment . the self cannot make itself known amidst judgment . be the rock that you wish others could be for you . $ today 's transit will have you wondering if you will possibly manage to get to everything you need to do on time . if you are focusing on your relationships , you may find that you put more pressure on yourself than you need to . as always , use communication to relax your expectations , so that you are not distracted from what 's really important . if you are feeling a little extra tension , it would be a good idea to drink copious amounts of water . $ today 's aspect can make you feel like every decision you make is all important . this kind of pressure can be difficult and confusing at times . of course , what you eat and how much you exercise and whether you sleep well ( and enough ) are all important . but feeling like the decisions you make today are binding is a counter - productive force . allow the feelings to come up and acknowledge any pressure you feel . remember that nothing stays the same forever - including the position of the planets ! $ try to see two sides of every issue today . the cosmic energy may lead you to the mirror , where you may be tempted to be scrutinizing and unforgiving . be gentle with yourself : remember that it is what you tell yourself , and not what others say , that most affects how you feel ! and you feel good if you accept yourself as you are and do your bit to stay healthy . you may use this energy to recognize and appreciate what works in your life . if your legs work , use  'em ! $ you see what needs to change in your life , and you are the only one to make the changes . this is an opportune time to literally be the architect of your world . with the alignment at play today , change is probable in places you never would have thought possible . to help keep your energy high , try reducing the calories in your diet . start by eating lighter meals , and then try to include some of the following in your meals : peas , fennel , parsley , whole grains and pistachio nuts ( good for the lungs ! ) . $ getting what you want may seem easy these days , with the astral energy at play . seem is the important word here . it is all too easy to make ourselves believe that what we get is really what we want , and this is especially true for you . we must take the time to really know what we want . some form of quiet is necessary in order to foster this skill . yoga is a lovely combination of inner and outer strength building . actually , any exercise that challenges you is recommended . $ you are impressionable and easily stimulated . with today 's planetary energy , you are apt to succumb to sensual impulses that are not always in your best interests : staying up late eating ice cream is one way to conjure up what i 'm talking about ! the cosmic climate adds to the dreamy lack of boundaries that is at once seductive and also trouble inducing . enjoy yourself , but do not give up on your commitments - if you can still work out three times a week , you 're not a total goner ! $ having a walk on the wild side ? if you are , it 's probably got something to do with the minor revolution happening in the skies . the planetary alignment makes you a willing participant ! watch as your pleasure principle meets your conscience . it can be a critical test to see if you know where your boundaries are , and if you can prevent them from being trespassed . your healthy habits should be able to survive the unpredictable - take notice of how your diet and exercise are affected this week ! $ doubt or second - guessing can be a challenge for you . doubt is a lot like panic - if you get excited it tends to get worse , not better . and you usually do not realize what triggers the excitement . it is important , therefore , to continue practicing a schedule that keeps your body and mind healthy and balanced . if you can manage to do this , it will help you withstand doubt and , eventually , to really know your own mind . $ we want to bring out the best in ourselves , but we are often afraid of the monsters that guard the inner sanctum . in your case , these monsters are anxiety , worry , nervous exhaustion , fear , restlessness and hyperactivity . flower essences help calm these menacing obstacles . you could respond well to morning glory , lavender , blackberry , white chestnut and mimulus . look for essences at your local health food store . put any combination ( 2 - 4 drops total ) in your bath or on your pillow before bed . $ the current planetary configuration impels you to examine your life with a healthy perspective . you could be working on a plan of how you would like to live your life over the next 25 years . you must endeavor to make your health choices consciously , for your bodies is the very structure in which you live ! give yourself all the help you need in figuring out what works best for you in terms of diet and exercise and create a balance that enhances your well - being . $ your inner and outer selves are engaged in a great dialogue these days . it may seem like you have a radio inside your head ! this is something many of us feel right now . to understand what is being said , it is important to follow some rather strict guidelines : exercise enough so that you are tired enough to fall asleep early enough ! the sleep you get during the current transits is vital . your mind needs plenty of rest in order to sort out all the information at hand . $ wonderful transits are occurring these days to allow for personal growth . emotional material that has been ignored or repressed may come up . to manage this kind of awakening , it is important to stay physically active so that mental energy does not dominate you . committing to some kind of aerobic exercise at least three times a week will help you immeasurably . drinking a whole lot of water will also help you flush out those toxins - both physically and symbolically . $ your creative nature is nurtured by aerobic exercise . activities such as running , swimming and yoga will strengthen your lungs and enhance the mercurial juices that are your lifeblood . giving yourself what you need can become a matter of debate if you allow your diet and exercise regimens to go unscheduled . your mind will strike up a discussion with your evil twin about what you really need - it can sound like this : chocolate cookies ? running ? chocolate cookies ? running ? make a schedule and stick to it . $ the structure in which to play and work was all organized for you in kindergarten . this is not to belittle any feelings you may have of being out of control - it is to remind you of the importance of structure . the present planetary configuration helps you to set the necessary boundaries - whatever is right for you - for your health . structure needs to be flexible but very , very strong . try to enjoy the process of integrating structure into your life . $ with so much energy in the air , it might be challenging to see the forest for the trees . one the one hand you thrive on perspective , and on the other you tend to focus on one goal at a time . use the current celestial energy to build a healthy structure in your life . take yoga , for example : go out and get yourself a mat , water bottle , etc . organize your time so that you can practice a few times a week . use the perspective and determination you gain to make progress . $ today 's planetary alignment will help you slow down your incessant thought process . you take a studied approach to things , and if you pay attention to how your friends make their way up the mountain of life , it is slow and steady . this works for many ! in fact , the more slowly we do things , the more beneficial it is to our health ! eating slowly aids the metabolism , lowering weights slowly gives you a better work out , and driving slowly helps everyone . $ when you think it 's time to take a break from your workout , think twice . days of rest are extremely important , to be sure , but ask yourself whether you 're just bored of the usual and want something new . this is not the same as your body asking for a day of rest : it 's your mind wanting a new activity ! begin to develop variety in your workout routine so that you may respond to this impulse with compassion and discipline - a very healthy combination ! $ you can be quick to the punch , but sometimes miss the emotional point . try to slow yourself down today by doing deep breathing exercises . the benefit of knowing what you are feeling can save you and those close to you some hurt feelings when you accidentally speak too soon . doing yoga focuses more on breathing than others do . investigate which poses work best for releasing the blocked energy in your breathing patterns . $ the best way to keep yourself focused on your health is through positive reinforcement . there are ups and downs in keeping a health regimen that will need to be met with a rigorous attitude . but in addition to a rigorous attitude , you must pamper yourself as well ! after a long hard workout , consider it mandatory to take a soothing hot bath with lots of bubbles and candles ( or whatever makes it special for you ) . your body is influenced by positive reinforcement . $ waking up feeling good is a priceless feeling . to make this happen more often , take extra care at bedtime . floss and brush your teeth , take care to have enough water during dinner so that you digest your meal properly during the night , and try to do some simple stretching before bedtime so that your body is more deeply relaxed as it rests . take care to drink water first thing in the morning as well , to continue the healthy digestive process . $ you are vulnerable to catching cold and must take special care to avoid contamination . be aware of what you touch and wash your hands often . bacteria are spread largely via the hands , and you should be careful about putting your unwashed hands near your mouth . additionally , pay attention to who is sick around you and do not use a telephone that someone who is infected with a cold has just used . knowledge of transmission is a great defense against infection . $ when you are disciplined , no other sign can produce the kind of beneficial life source that you are capable of because your higher self is generally geared toward helping others . you must ground your physical body in the here and now to be able to reach that higher self . use discipline to train your body to crave exercise and your mind to crave the healthiest foods possible . here begins the successful adventure ! $ it 's sometimes difficult to know what we feel . everyone is challenged by the question , how are you ? but few people actually stop and ask themselves privately for a real answer . begin checking in with yourself on a daily basis . if you do not know exactly how you feel that 's ok , but just start taking the question seriously . it 's very important to your health ! like anything , practice will make it easier , and you will become better able to serve your health . $ you may feel unusually cross or ill - tempered during this time . emotions loom large and seem practically unmanageable ; your body seems to have a mind of its own , cravings may feel too strong to push aside . this is perfectly natural . one useful herbal remedy for this feeling is chamomile tea . chamomile is known as the baby remedy , for it soothes a cranky baby and restores balance after a fever . you may drink the tea or actually put teabags in your bath ! $ you always like to see both sides of an issue and like to get along with others . in other words , you usually do not come across as stubborn . however , there is a tendency to go from one idea to the next too quickly , so that you might not even know your own true opinion ! involve yourself in things that take time to complete . cooking is a good place to start . make something a little complicated but delicious , and enjoy the results ! $ you will feel like talking a lot today , and may be easily distracted , but there is no reason to neglect your health for the sake of gossip ! take care to keep your appointment with yourself to get some fresh air and exercise - this makes a big difference to your overall health , especially on days like this . make the time to do what you know is important for your health - this includes all the little things like flossing before you go to sleep tonight ! $ you appreciate the things in life that take time to create , largely because you are easily distracted - we appreciate that which we admire ! by paying attention to what we admire , we can identify what we want to include in our lives that is not naturally there . if you are not a natural athlete , for example , you might admire athleticism and thus strive to achieve it in your life . whatever you focus on , you can achieve . find your healthy passion and follow it ! $ with today 's planetary aspects at play , you could feel extremely antsy and over - stimulated . you may be overwhelmed and need to come down to a more stable and comfortable place within yourself . take ten minutes in the morning and ten minutes at night to do some deep breathing and stretching on the floor , and you will feel immediate effects . you didn t get this wound up overnight and accordingly it may take a week of new restorative habits before you see the results but trust us : you are so worth the effort . if you can t do it for yourself , do it for those around you who are impacted by your emotional and mental states . $ give yourself the benefit of plenty of drinking water every day . not only does it aid digestion and keep your skin clear , but it is also a surefire boost for your immune system . there are certain times when we need to take special care to stay healthy . eating fresh produce is important not only for its nutritional value but the fiber it contains . fiber keeps our digestive system clear of build - up caused by too much starch and sugar , which can lead to lowered energy and immune responses . $ you may feel tempted to veer away from your exercise routine today or to go off in a crazy direction when it comes to your food choices . try to employ discipline and higher power when you feel the urge to rebel against your health practices . ask yourself if it is really worth it - when so much of your life depends on your health - to disrupt your schedule just because your mind is distracted . times like these define our road to health . $ giving yourself the benefit of the doubt is something you might need some help with . there is a tendency to judge in each of us , try to be as kind to yourself as you would your best friend when giving them a pep - talk . give yourself the freedom to take care of yourself first , in doing so you will be better prepared to help others when they inevitably need your support . check - in with yourself daily about which foods feel most nourishing for you and your exercise regimen . small changes that you can actually stick with will have a greater effect on your health in the long term than huge changes that are too difficult to maintain . $ when sleep is good , so is the rest of life , generally speaking ! every now and then we need to adjust our sleeping habits consciously so that we are insured of good rest . you may need a new bed ! you may need new pillows or sheets or something warmer or something cooler . strive to perfect your sleeping area . everything should be as you like it . this is one area of life that should not be economized : rest is paramount . $ you need to have a lot of room in which to express your desire for balance in your life . start by getting rid of the clutter in your life . clean out your closet , your kitchen cupboards , your bathroom cabinet . get rid of all the excess baggage you 're carrying around . this applies to your mental and physical selves , as well . you need to feel free - whatever that means to you . focus on letting go of dead weight - wherever you find it . $ the planetary alignment gives you the opportunity to bring the exotic into your life . remember that other cultures can give us insight into ourselves that can light up our lives . whatever exotic means to you , give it a try ! try to stimulate at least three of your senses with something new : taste , sound , smell , etc . the new does not need to disturb the things that give your life structure and regularity . stick to your usual dietary boundaries while welcoming new ingredients and flavors into your kitchen ! $ there is a lot of temptation out there but take a moment and reflect on your body 's reaction to excessive indulging . is not it time to get on track and assume regular health routine ? sometimes all you need to do is take the time to reflect on your decisions and you will find the answer sitting right in the center of your brain ! slow down today with a cup of chamomile or other herb tea and notice the shift in your perceptions . $ today 's energy will help you increase your well - being through focusing your attention on how your emotions impact your willingness to make healthy choices . in every day there are ups and downs concerning our diet and other choices that affect our bodies . there are times we want to exercise and times we want to lie on the couch and watch tv ( or the equivalent ) . human beings are not robots - we vacillate based on emotions . be aware of these shifts as you go through each day . $ today 's planetary alignment is a wonderful transit for you because it invites you to look at duality . this time it 's about how your emotional life is interwoven with your active ( exterior ) life . do you allow yourself enough release through regular yoga or running ? do you give yourself enough nourishment through a healthy balanced diet ? do you give yourself enough relaxation time and rest ? these are practically all the tools you need for a happy relationship with yourself ! $ when you give yourself enough time to get centered before you approach a problem it usually works out , whereas a rushed approached can either backfire or just graze the surface of things ( which do not really resolve anything in the long run ) . concentrate on yourself and how you wish to be perceived by others . to enhance your ability to be seen at your optimal , take a virtual yoga class twice a week . you will notice a big difference after one month . $ give the gift of good communication : when you are feeling pent up inside count to ten before you try to put your thoughts to words . today 's aspect may cause you to be inexact when the most critical things need to be communicated . your emotions may be hard to control . get rid of excess energy by working out at the gym , if possible , or going on a long walk . you will be thankful for it at the end of the day . $ keep counting to ten before you blurt out what 's on your mind ! your feelings are very important to communicate but it 's even more important that you communicate what you are feeling well . do not let the first thing that pops into your mind be what another person walks away with . to help center yourself , drink plenty of fresh water every day , all day . try to keep a regular schedule of rest by going to bed and get up at regular hours each day . $ often the most lasting impressions our parents make on our lives can be found in how we treat our bodies . what you eat in the morning and at night , how much you exercise and your attitude about exercise , and how you regard rest are all things we learn at a very early age . it takes courage to re - examine these items as adults and take full responsibility for our health . take today as your first challenge and just be aware of your health habits . $ the good thing about today 's planetary alignment is it gets you to focus on your physical needs . with your attention span being what it is , you will benefit tremendously from a regular exercise schedule . the aspect also helps you focus on what you need on a daily basis , so use this to keep track of what kind of exercise you are getting . be sure to breathe deeply whenever you find yourself walking from one place to another - that counts for a lot ! $ there is a lot to be said for getting some exercise in before you get to work in the morning . communication difficulties tend to fly by the wayside for those who jog before work , get in a pre - dawn workout , or even just walk to work . take your body seriously and you will notice the effects in your personal and professional life . with today 's cosmic climate it 's a good time to negotiate these kinds of commitments with yourself . $ you 're apt to find yourself making excuses for why you cannot exercise or why you indulge in certain foods that are not exactly nutritious . do not bother yourself with excuses ! try to see things for what they are - departures from healthy living included - and you will be stronger as a result . we all take a break from the healthy way now and then . try to center yourself through meditation or yoga when it becomes hard to see things for what they are . $ watch yourself carefully and try not to allow your attention to be pulled from place to place . with the positions of the planets at this time , you will be offered an opportunity to get more out of life if you stick to your commitments . it creates an environment of discipline and duty , which , if you follow through on your end , can support you in achieving great things for yourself ( of your choosing ) . $ you can have a hard time paying attention to the main message sometimes , and now could be one of those times ! there is much excitement on the planet these days - many people want to do good to counteract the great pain we all felt over the past year . your job is to do good for yourself - your body , your mind , your home . concentrate on yourself , and you will be in a better position to join in with your peers on the planet and work for the greater good of our societies . $ the present astral configuration gives you a day of really great communicating abilities . it 's time to show those you love how much you love them and tell those whom you do not feel so great with that it 's time you both moved on . this is a wonderful transit for win - win communication . also , it 's a great time to check in with your body during a workout and see if you can increase the levels you are currently working at . $ you 're going to feel a burst of energy , not only today but throughout the next few months , and this will shape the way you meet your goals . one reason you sometimes seem to fail to accept this kind of dynamic energy is because it invariably involves change of some kind , and you are not famous for flexibility ! here 's a hint for your future success : drinking water increases flexibility ! $ this is a wonderful time to notice what is working in your life . the favorable aspect of the day makes you especially sensitive , and it is recommended that you use this sensitivity toward a positive goal . look at how well you feel when you exercise even a little bit . praise yourself for that . consider how often you prepare fresh and healthy food for yourself . enjoy that achievement . in fact , pour yourself a big glass of water to celebrate ! $ today 's celestial energy will bring your emotional nature to the surface . it 's important to share your feelings with the people you love . rather than staying safe behind your stance of self - assuredness , confide in others , even if you think it will make you or them uncomfortable . relationships that are worthwhile , can survive the occasional confrontation . let your emotions guide you and be sure to say what you feel - do not pretend to know the other person 's thoughts . breathe deeply and collect your thoughts before you speak . $ today 's aspect brings you to a place of quiet introspection that might lead to significant changes . notice what you are thinking about beneath the surface - give yourself some extra personal time during the day if it is hard for you to concentrate . going to a yoga class , if possible , or on a run will give you some time to focus on what 's important . consider your abilities to change what you are not happy with in your life - they are formidable ! $ there is a favorable aspect happening in the universe , and this means that your emotions may run the show for the next few days . this is a wonderful place to come from , as long as those emotions are not frustration or fear converted into uncontrolled anger or anxiety . think about what you can do to create a balanced lifestyle in the next couple of days . small adjustments can go a long way : drink more water , allow extra time for your personal needs . $ the power of today 's aspect is in knowing what you need to review . is there something you wish you could go back and learn over again ? communication issues are definitely going to be coming up during this transit . take it easy and let it be ok that you need some time to really understand what you think . when it comes to telling other people what 's wrong it do not necessarily need to be that either one of you is wrong . $ the aspect of the day will make you especially sensitive - take it easy on yourself . there will be challenges in how you see yourself versus how others want you to be . this is never a good feeling . however , you must not give in to feeling judged by other people 's standards . try to focus on your health as a means of determining your own personal boundaries . make exercise and diet a priority this week . $ if you 've been waiting for a time to bust a move on something involving guts or creativity , now is the time . you can move mountains with today 's celestial energy . it 's worth it to think ahead and make sure of your decision , but energy and spark will not be your reason to hesitate this month . remember : use it or lose it - exercise is the key to keeping this energy primed . $ your high energy is complemented by today 's planetary alignment , which is a quick and lively placement for this emotional planet . therefore , expect to enjoy your close personal relationships . conversational flair and lively interest in arts and culture will make you exciting to be around . do not let lethargy or a bad diet deprive you of this dazzling moment . it 's time to keep your energy up with exercise and light foods ! $ today 's favorable aspect is like having lunch with your mother and a favorite aunt , or your father and a favorite uncle . you feel special , loved and content in knowing that things will work out for the best . this is a wonderful transit for working on projects at home , organizing your desk at work , or shopping for necessary items . you feel practical yet excited at the same time . do not let this wonderful transit escape you : increase your sensitivity to this energy through exercise . $ the aspect of the day gives you the opportunity to slow down and look within - whether or not you take the time to do this is up to you . knowing how you feel is a very important asset , though it is not exactly easy all the time . in fact , you may experience resistance from other people in your efforts to explore your feelings . a good way to find out what you feel is in quiet meditation , or a virtual yoga class will do . $ with so much favorable celestial energy right now , you are able to see something you could not see before . you have the power of insight and this is especially true in relationships with friends . the philosophy of do unto others as you would have them do unto you is quite applicable today . treat others the way you would like to be treated and expect the same from yourself . in other words - do not forget to treat your body as though you were its guest . exercise , eat well , and drink lots of water . $ the transit of the day increases your affection for a partner , for children , even pets - anything that you shower with love will strongly feel the effect of this planetary energy . however , do not expect it to be received with a big thank you ! sometimes people take what you give in a way that makes you wonder whether they know how precious your feelings are . do not let that make you feel resentful ; just mention this concern and all will be well . be sure to drink lots of water to help keep your emotional state flexible . $ emotional days are not rare for you , but this could be one of them . if you 're feeling like everything concrete and solid is out of reach , do not fret . concentrate on your ability to know what you feel , and take a private inventory of how the week , season , year is going for you . it 's not something everyone can easily do , so it 's possible you could help your friends with this , today , too . make yourself available to others , and you may find your solid ground in the process . $ when sleep is good , so is the rest of life , generally speaking ! every now and then we need to adjust our sleeping habits consciously so that we are insured of good rest . you may need a new bed ! you may need new pillows or sheets or something warmer or something cooler . strive to perfect your sleeping area . everything should be as you like it . this is one area of life that should not be economized : rest is paramount . $ be careful what you eat today . this is not a good day to try something new in the food department , nor is it a good day to depart from a diet . however , it is a good time to gently introduce a new discipline involving what you eat . have you been wanting to cut back on dairy or begin eliminating processed sugar from your diet ? these are two good choices for you . another good recommendation is to stay away from particularly heavy or spicy food . $ things could feel a little painful today . if you 've been having stomach trouble , or even a bit of guilt about weight issues , you 'll feel especially vulnerable . it 's important to find the emotional safe place you want to stay in today and protect yourself . take baby steps from that safe place and get a little exercise , socialize a bit with those you trust , and jump into bed early with your favorite trashy magazine . remind yourself it 's just another day and tuck yourself into bed early . $ if you 're looking to get pregnant , or if your looking to impregnate someone , today is a highly probable day to make that happen ! on another level , it could just mean that your intuition is functioning at a high level . another way to put it is : trust your gut instinct . all of the above apply to your feeling that you must take seriously the commitments you make today . it 's also a good day to spend with children , if you have any . $ the planetary alignment makes this a good day for snuggling , getting closer to your loved ones if possible , or just being a good parent , spouse , and friend . you may notice that your focus is not on those relationships that do not move you : the people you do not really click with or the average person on the street may not be the recipient of your smile today . stay close to home and be present to your emotional truth . $ with today 's planetary energy at play , you may feel a bit like people want too much from you ! it very well may feel like some big show - off is playing with what 's yours - and that do not feel good ! do not fret - this is only a temporary arrangement . do not be afraid to use your wit to help regain your territory . there 's nothing preventing you from claiming your space , and with today 's celestial configuration , no one can blame you for feeling cross . $ you could feel overly sensitive today . try not to beat yourself up with your melancholy . you may be tempted to drown your sorrows in a big tub of ice cream , but you know this will ultimately make you feel worse . consider putting on some relaxing music and getting down on the floor , gently stretching out your muscles . try to make this into a personal routine and stick to it for a few weeks . you 'll be glad you did . $ you 'll feel capable of getting what you need today , whether from other people or from yourself . your good judgment and powers of observation are also likely to be heightened . use your instincts to choose the best foods to consume . food that is grown with the use of hormones should be avoided as they over - stimulate estrogen and testosterone production in women and men , respectively . be aware of the food you eat and nourish yourself with healthy , sound choices . $ the planetary alignment makes you expansive and friendly today . try turning your soft underbelly towards the world instead of that hard shell and you 'll be surprised at what happens . there is a tendency to get stuck in receiving mode , however , so do not forget your own needs . use the energy to remind yourself of what you really want and do not be afraid to vocalize it . take time out to do something just for yourself , for example , if you are a busy parent . it will help you to better help others . $ today 's astral energy gives you a chance to see your deepest ideals and values . this kind of insight is especially valuable to someone who is all too ready to help others realize their dreams . you will certainly benefit from some quiet time investigating what really matters to you . do not hesitate to browse through your favorite online bookstore and see what catches your eye . likewise , roam the aisles of your favorite health food store , if possible , and see what you naturally gravitate to , then use it in a meal tonight . $ your belly could be a bit sensitive today . use peppermint or chamomile tea to soothe an upset stomach . if you do not feel you can exercise , take a little time to perform light stretching throughout your abdomen . direct your attention to your digestive process and eat lightly : soups and cooked vegetables would give your stomach a rest . if you can use organic vegetables , this is always preferable . you may enjoy researching organic farming on the web to learn more about how to nourish yourself physically and spiritually . $ things may feel a bit uneasy today , and you are right to listen to yourself at the cost of seeming indifferent to others . there is no better way to protect yourself than to stay true to what you know is right for you . giving in to the pressure of the outside world can often lead you to unhappiness . try to enjoy the security of your own privacy but be careful not to shut yourself in completely . getting in some soothing yoga is highly recommended . $ you may be needed by everyone today . the aspect at play has a way of making people more emotional than usual , and they tend to run to the nearest person to help process the uncomfortable , the challenging , the downright scary . you may experience your own deep feelings welling up , and it 's important to take time out to notice what 's going on inside of yourself . here is an ideal scenario : prepare a nice dinner for your loved ones and take a long walk afterwards . $ conflict is not your specialty , and you may find yourself turning your back today on those who seem to revel in conflict . do not try to understand why others do what they do or say what they say . if you can avoid becoming involved , give yourself a pat on the back . take yourself seriously today and consider your health . your back supports your body during times of stress . it 's important to adequately relax your entire back . yoga or a hot bath is in order . $ for some time , you 've been sensing a basic indecisiveness in yourself and the rest of the world . the astral energy is giving those who are sensitive the feeling that things could change any time . this day 's aspect tickles your desire to make things all right for everyone you care about . the lesson you need to glean from this is to care for your own needs first . be certain to drink plenty of water , take vitamins , and exercise on a daily basis . $ when you 've found what makes you happy , it 's easy to keep doing it . if you have not found what makes you happy , it 's important to keep trying to find out what it is . the easiest way to feel good fast is to drink a lot of water : in only a few days you will feel the effect in your bowel movements , your skin , and in your ability to eat less and have more energy . if you add habits like this to your life , your overall well - being will gradually begin to shift . $ there is powerful insight available ; you just need to know where to look . sometimes it 's essential to feel terrible and then understand why you feel that way . do not try to shrug off your feelings today ; it will be nearly impossible , and you will miss some valuable information . the stomach area is sensitive during times of stress . while you have a cup of chamomile tea to soothe your digestive tract , pick the seeds out of a pomegranate and ask yourself what you 're looking for . $ the world depends on you to give a daily dose of understanding and acceptance . all too often you feel under - appreciated and not recognized for the love you give . maybe it 's time to set some limits and turn that accepting love back towards yourself instead of giving it to the ungrateful ! the problem is you do not find that to be easy . hint : start with your diet . are you giving yourself the best and freshest food possible ? are you getting enough vitamins and minerals ? are you drinking plenty of water ? turning the focus onto your own needs will help you sustain your giving nature . $ do you find that when you treat yourself better , the world is a better place ? in order to take better care of yourself , take a close look at what you consume on a daily basis . it 's important to keep weeding out the unhealthy habits , especially as you get older . you like to nibble , so be sure you have healthful things to nibble on rather than junk food . dried cranberries are fun and tasty , as are pistachios . dried papaya is a good friend too , as it aids in the breakdown of protein . $ one of the wonderful things about you is that you warm up slowly : you can really be sure about what you are doing because you do not adopt things immediately . revel in your easy pace and continue to focus on yourself , one day at a time . if you continue drinking plenty of water and nibbling on healthy snacks , you will soon need an outlet for your copious energy ! begin to consider what exercise regimen really works for you . what do you like and what works with your schedule ? $ you have a great quality : the virtue of acceptance . though not always forgiving after a bad experience , you are open to almost anything new . this is an excellent time to ask yourself what new avenues of physical activity you would like to open up to . the goal will be to choose something you are able to stick with . if you want to explore a higher level of what you are currently doing , open up to that possibility as well . $ one of your great qualities is the ability to be realistic . this is good news for setting up your health practice , as it 's important to set attainable goals , otherwise you 're likely to slip from pressure or lack of self - confidence . the exercise you choose needs to be something you like , and something that fits in with your daily schedule . for instance , if you choose rock climbing , you need a place where you can do that on a regular basis available ( unless of course you live near a natural rock face ! ) . $ whenever you run into a block in your energy or encounter what appears to be an exterior obstacle , take ten deep breaths and repeat this mantra : i enjoy discovery . when you think about it in hindsight , the blocks we encounter are often full of potential and discovery . if you can learn to enjoy these moments of being stuck for the information they can ultimately give you , you will have a precious skill that will increase your well - being a thousand - fold . $ this may be a day when a very basic truth dawns on you . this basic truth could have something to do with your own self - worth . for instance , practice saying to yourself : when i put myself first , i actually have more to give . feel the surge of energy . renew your commitment to organize your life so that you get your needs met , no matter what . sooner or later , we will all need to look to ourselves for nurturing . what have you done for yourself lately ? $ the satisfaction that comes from following through on your own intentions is a feeling no one else can give to you . having the courage to make yourself the priority will enable you to learn this valuable lesson . have you made clear choices about your exercise routine ? or have you found yourself unhappy in what you have tried ? as long as you are actively pursuing this vital avenue of life , it will become easier to put yourself first in other situations - love and work , to name just two ! $ knowing that you are pursuing something of your own choosing makes a big difference in your life . when you enjoy yourself at yoga , or when you shower after a good , sweaty run - take a moment to let the feelings of satisfaction and purposefulness move out from your heart and throughout every cell in your body . there is a healing quality inherent to this conscious appreciation of your own vital accomplishments . then let rest come into your cells as deeply as you let the exercise in . $ when we feel confident , it 's tempting to give advice , or in many cases , to start taking care of others . be careful - this can be dangerous . there is no certainty that our health tomorrow will be the same as today ; we must always maintain a humble attitude and serve our bodies each day . that natural human laziness can be overcome with a tiny bit of discipline . avoid taking care of others in place of yourself . if you live according to this maxim , you will ultimately be a better friend , as you will be available and strong in times of crisis and need . $ when you confront your demons - at the fridge late at night or with the snooze button in the mornings - you catch a glimpse of what needs some attention . have you been nurturing your need for fresh , wholesome and tasty foods ? try baking an apple pie from scratch ! give yourself the treats you deserve in healthy , appropriate ways . and if you 've been thinking about exercise rather than doing it , remember that you have a better night 's sleep if you burn off stress with a run after your work is finished . $ the more honest you are with yourself , the more opportunities you will have to accomplish your goals . as you give in to the doubts you have about your own willpower , you magically find exercise companions . as you talk openly about your issues with food , you become privy to approaches and strategies that would otherwise have eluded you . what you keep inside due to fear of ridicule or exposure will only fester and cause you unhappiness in the end . $ the aspect of the day gives you the confidence you need to get things done , but you may also feel a little insecure when it comes to your close relationships . do not feel as though you need to have all the right answers - that 's a classic worry brought on by this transit . focus instead on what you are feeling , and do not worry about finding the right words . make sure that you are getting the exercise you need , or the feeling of frustration will only increase . aerobic exercise will oxygenate your blood and lift your spirits . $ you certainly like certainty , and with such strong celestial energy , you may find yourself feeling a little faint of heart today . dig into what you know and fortify yourself with protective surroundings . this means sticking to your exercise regimen , not crawling under the covers for  ' fear of the marketplace !  ' push yourself to stick to your healthy habits - fresh fruits and vegetables , plenty of water - then get to bed early so you have time to lounge and experience the comfort of your bed ! $ the planetary alignment gives you the opportunity to bring the exotic into your life . remember that other cultures can give us insight into ourselves that can light up our lives . whatever exotic means to you , give it a try ! try to stimulate at least three of your senses with something new : taste , sound , smell , etc . the new does not need to disturb the things that give your life structure and regularity . stick to your usual dietary boundaries while welcoming new ingredients and flavors into your kitchen ! $ building the habits that foster good health is the most important thing you can focus on right now . whatever you love to do that is good for you - biking , running , sailing , yoga , horseback riding , you name it - make it easy to get to in your life . learn how to support yourself by putting your energy where you stand to profit . if you love yoga , get your own yoga mat and water bottle so that you are fully prepared whenever the mood strikes . $ you do not always say what you want for fear of hurting other people 's feelings . this does little for you , except to build resentment that comes out in unintended , subtle ways . clearing the path for self - expression is a good practice to get into . try practicing telling yourself what kind of day you 're going to have in the morning : look straight into the mirror and talk to yourself ! this sounds silly , but it works , especially with the current celestial energy at play ! $ the tendency to nurture others can be a liability for you . unless you are a paid professional during office hours , taking care of yourself first is your foremost responsibility . even parents need to focus on themselves if they are going to be proper role models for their children . if you need someone to nurture , look in the mirror ! you are a wonderful listener : ask your reflection what it needs and hop to it ! it may take a little practice , but you can do it . $ remember the stuff about looking in the mirror and asking your reflection what you need ? this is not something you can put off for the future ( when you 're not in this relationship , when your kids are grown , when your job is not so demanding ) . it 's the 1 priority now . a good test is to notice how much water you drink in a day . if you can safely say that you drink over ten glasses of water a day , i 'm off your case ! $ there is power in knowing what you want , but it 's not always easy ! ever spend too long looking at the menu in a restaurant ? the waiter keeps coming , and pretty soon you order something just to get it over with ? now pretend you 're the waiter . the best way to find what you want is to know what you need . if you know you need nutritious root vegetables into your diet , your want list instantly becomes more manageable and the power is in your hands to decide . $ keeping a dream diary is recommended during these trying times . dreams can hold precious information for waking life . the habit of writing down your dreams actually makes it easier to remember them . there are no ratings determining what can air and what cannot in your dreams , so you can take them as seriously as you would the artwork you made as a child . respecting your dreams teaches you self - awareness and sharpens your understanding of what really matters to you . $ a lot of emphasis is put on diet these days - choosing the freshest foods available and preparing a variety of healthy meals so that all your nutritional bases are covered is key . another important part of diet is to eat slowly and chew your food carefully . apart from avoiding the risk of choking , well - chewed food helps us avoid over - taxing our digestive glands . many people who gulp down their food over - work their glands and find that they stay hungry even after eating ! $ when you know what you want , you exude a striking sense of satisfaction that people notice right away . you beam with inner satisfaction . with the present planetary alignment , you are able to tune into your highest self - awareness and perhaps even resolve conflicts that have been worrying you for some time . use this month 's energy to increase your physical activities - plan bike rides on weekends , use your free time for fun , aerobic diversions . the combination of these stellar forces makes your mood steady and pleasant . $ you are a natural nurturer , and no matter how much we tell you to nurture yourself you will always have a need to nurture others . try to combine the two wherever possible . in fact , the planetary energy at play gives you increased perception , and you are intuitively able to sense your boundaries . you may find you wake up early in the morning during the current transit . it 's a great time to take a walk and give yourself some personal time - and the dog might love it , too ! $ some days just are not going to go very well , and you cannot hold yourself responsible ! the best thing you can do is to stick to what you know . you know , for example , that eight glasses of water are the daily dietary minimum ( double it if you wish ) . you also know that personal time is important to you ( even though you tend to pretend it is not ) . regardless of the surprises the day may bring , take comfort in the good things that you can always do for yourself . $ you sometimes get stuck in your rut . all that focus on waiting for the right time can bring you to a place of inertia . the astral energy at play makes this a great day to get on your feet again ! this is a time for nurturing yourself , not others . give yourself what you need in terms of diet , exercise and rest . you may feel the impulse to take care of someone else as proof that you are out of your shell - resist and persist ! $ your heart is most likely where you want it to be today . there are moments in life that we wish we could capture on film : the way you feel good after a healthy meal , the feeling of strength when you complete a great workout , the successful meeting of minds when you share your feelings with those closest to you . these are all magnificent daily experiences we can have for free , as long as we pay attention to our personal needs . $ today 's transit is all about thinking logically : how might you benefit from this aspect ? take , for example , your tendency to withdraw into yourself . you may respond to certain stresses by staying inside a lot , over - eating and closing down emotionally . ask yourself : is that really what you need to be doing ? now , use the celestial energy to push yourself to get outside and get some exercise , knowing it is the right thing to do . and do not forget to share your feelings with friends ! $ today 's planetary alignment gives you a sense of expansiveness in your home life , in your emotional life , and in your relationship with yourself . use this energy to square away any unresolved issues in your home life . this could mean looking into your health habits and asking yourself if you 're really living as comfortably as you want to be . do you eat enough green leafy vegetables to keep the digestive track running properly ? this is one kind of spring cleaning that must go on all year ! $ when you feel hurt , you tend to turn your hard side toward the outside world to protect yourself , thinking thoughts like never again and goodbye forever . but you do not stay that way forever . to help gently ease yourself out of this stuck position , keep yourself going on your usual health regimen . keep the water flowing through your system , keep the blood circulating with running , walking , or other aerobic exercise , and most of all keep your emotions in check so they do not disturb your sleep pattern . $ making things clear to yourself and others is important to you . there is a lot of energy right now that can cloud your priorities , make your expectations hard to decipher , and your emotions difficult to define . you may feel very strongly about something but not express it - which can easily lead to bitter disappointment . exercise is a wonderful aid . it helps to distinguish between what you want to do and what you can do . exercise can simplify your emotions . $ if you 've been paying attention to your dreams , you may have noticed a recurring theme of late . this is an indication that there is some core message your psyche wants you to understand - and probably do something about ! exercise is one way to fully integrate your dream life with your waking life , for exercise and rest are opposite ends of the physical spectrum . whatever your dreams are pointing to , try to think about it consciously while you work out . $ when you eat something that does not agree with you , you are bound to know it , as you have a sensitive stomach and digestive tract . licorice tea is a wonderful remedy aiding in digestion , and it brings a soothing feeling to your upset stomach . remember to stay healthy by drinking plenty of water . the digestive tract is one of the most important systems in our body . also - doing yoga at least once a week will help massage your inner organs . $ you can easily gain psychic vision under the current planetary influence and thus get a preview of the area of your life associated with health and wellbeing . ask yourself what you see and take notes . keep in mind that you are asking for your own benefit - what is in store for you ? to help you keep hold of this ability , be sure to maintain a healthy diet that includes a great deal of fresh produce and pure drinking water . your body is the lens through which you see the future . $ why do you keep looking at today 's transit with such a quizzical stare ? you want me to do what ? your emotional self is highly active right now in ways that you do not normally experience . express this surprise ! dance , move , run up stairs , and let the energetic friction out that may be in your body due to these vibrations . your temper may be short when you least expect it to be . do not block yourself with judgment , just be sure to let out your mixed feelings with short , quick physical sprees . $ it 's important to your wellness to pay attention to your subconscious . there is a lot that goes on under the surface and you 'd rather know about it than not know about it , right ? one way to keep abreast of your unconscious fears and desires is to keep a dream journal . this is easier than it sounds - if you 've never kept a journal before . simply carve out five to ten minutes every morning and sketch your dream while you have breakfast . insights will arise . $ today it becomes apparent just how dedicated you are to home and family . family is a cornerstone in your life or will be at some point . the most critical issue concerning families is health . whether you are parent or child , your health is bound to mean the world to someone else . why not have a handle on how to take care of yourself to the best of your abilities . know your limits and be active and creative about your health . it will do you and your family much good . $ you feel generous and loving today . it 's a great day to be you ! exude and revel in your energy as you give it . people will want to be around you . you must not neglect yourself for others - always a risk for you . give yourself enough time and space to do your yoga workout , go for your run , shop for dinner , whatever it is you need to do for yourself . enjoy the company of others , when possible , but prize your own . $ you love beauty . it is from beauty that you derive much of your happiness . you may find yourself playing homemaker today , big - time . enjoy the things you can do around your home or work environment that make a difference to how you will feel the next day . lots of activities we do around the house can be opportunities to perform breathing exercises or do simple stretching . it is a wise person who integrates these things into his or her life ! $ today 's planetary aspect could make you feel a bit looser than you normally do . yes , loose ! unsure about what you think , more flexible about what you do , possibly more willing to be intimate or romantic with others . you are naturally curious . channel this curiosity and newfound flexibility by exploring yoga and other exercise apps . practice deep breathing to give your nervous and respiratory systems the boost they need . $ even during a time of great activity , it serves you well when you can create a space for reflection and introspection on a regular basis . how has your health been affected by your actions lately ? what would you like to change about your eating habits and your other health habits such as sleep and exercise ? do not let the chaos of your days distract you from asking yourself the questions that have the greatest impact on your wellbeing . $ today 's aspect makes you feel right at home , figuratively speaking ( quite possibly literally as well ) . this do not mean you will feel fantastic or that everything will work out perfectly . it simply presents a particular energy wherein your true nature can be noticed . the key to enjoying this transit is relaxation . do the things that truly relax you . this might involve yoga , getting plenty of rest , and drinking lots of water . give yourself the things you need on a physical level , and your emotions will be easier to understand . $ today 's planetary aspect guides your dreams . if you have an aquarian friend or acquaintance , it might be a good idea to approach them . they will likely understand where you are coming from and provide you with some inspiration . remember to offer what you are asking for . if you need some help with motivation , for example , explain what prompted you to confide in them ; this will motivate that person to help you and you will get what you want out of the relationship . $ coming full circle gives you a sense of accomplishment . notice the things that you have accomplished , and you will inevitably see the pattern of ending up where you started but with greater self - awareness . caring for yourself and your body is a way of constantly adapting to change while greeting the new optimistically . our diet is our best prevention against disease , exercise our best weapon against depression , and good sleep our best way to feel truly centered . concentrate on developing these skills to the fullest . $ this is a time to follow your instincts . that still , small voice within can take you a long way if you tune into it ! ever think of doing yoga during the day but then not feel like it when you get off work ? call a friend and plan to hold each other accountable so that you cannot get out of it so easily . the more you nurture this inner voice , the stronger it will become . $ you love to use your body in exciting new ways , and maybe you have not been using your physical powers to the best of their abilities lately . today 's transit gives you some in - roads into the wonderful world of physical activity . be open to the new , which can come in surprising packages . swing dancing has enjoyed a revival and is an established pastime in many parts of the world . try something new that challenges your body to act like it did when you were a child ! $ walking the line between exerting yourself and conserving your energy is a delicate practice that needs the support of a healthy diet . too much carbohydrate and fat consumption can take the vitality right out of your system ! take a couple of days to clean yourself out . try making light meals of soup and salad to give your digestive track a break . at the same time , drink a daily herbal tea of wood betony and verbena . $ give yourself the benefit of the doubt as you push yourself out the door to exercise . you do not have to do the olympic version of any form of exercise - just do a little each day . you will sleep more soundly and feel better about yourself all around if you get a little bit of exercise each day . after all , it 's what your body deserves . another form of appreciation you can show your body is drinking at least 8 - 10 glasses of water each day . $ balance your diet ? there is almost nothing more boring to you than the thought of doing something that nurtures you - alone . you 'd much rather nurture someone else and have a relationship based on that ! whether it 's your diet or your exercise routine , it 's important to create a relationship with yourself that is encouraging and brings some excitement about staying healthy . if you prefer to be with other people , sign up for an online nutritious cooking class or join a virtual chat about exercise . $ the way you deal with your own emotions is the key to how you will treat others . we cannot always know how we truly affect someone else , so the best practice is to treat yourself as gently and compassionately as you would like to treat another . this is not as easy as it sounds . to be truly compassionate with yourself you must honor your health in a way that is not always convenient . your choices are what determine your conduct toward yourself . $ a great deal of emotional energy is at hand due to today 's planetary positions , and no one will feel it more poignantly than you ! your natural inclination to take care of others is tapped by this placement and your emotional attachment to people close to you will grow more intense during these few days . to help some of the intense energy dissipate make it a point to get some exercise every day - preferably in the morning . $ with the planetary energies of the day , you could feel either at the top of the game or suspended in a state of emotional hesitation . everything begins and ends with our emotions and you are particularly gifted with emotional currency , but you can also become overwhelmed . to counteract any overwhelming feelings , give yourself the benefit of regular exercise . a regular exercise regimen will keep you out of harm 's way . enjoy the feeling of being in great company - yourself ! $ whether you know it or not , you are the source of a lot of comfort for your friends . people enjoy your company because they feel they can be themselves around you . you , however , cannot survive on feeling needed alone . the convergence of planets will encourage you to fulfill your health needs with your friends , so try to encourage others to drink lots of water , work out three times a week and eat well along with you ! $ there is perhaps more than you want to deal with in the emotional realm today . a sense of urgency may plague you when you sense the celestial atmosphere . try making this urgency something that you can benefit from - apply it to your health ! health is something we ought to think of as urgent in this day and age . so much of what we live in ( smog , processed foods , a culture that focuses on youth and beauty ) distracts us from truly healthy choices . $ with today 's planetary energies , you are feeling at the center of a lot of attention , and this adds a sense of an emotional burden . stay tuned to your emotions even when you do not feel so great - it only makes it worse if you try to escape negative feelings . exercise is a great way to keep the heaviness at bay , and certain kinds of exercise help more than others when times are tough . follow your intuition , but weightlifting , stretching and quick sprints are recommended . $ with today 's position of the heavenly bodies , you are probably experiencing something emotional in your home life . maybe you 've had to move , or you 've been doing an unending remodeling project , or you 've had a child and home life has not been the same since . to give yourself the necessary perspective to get through this transit , take yourself out of the house for a little fun ! exercise is the best thing to do when you are feeling cooped up . $ the place to focus your energies these days is in your home . give yourself time to putter around , and even if you do not actually clean or tidy up , it will be useful to make a list of things that you want to do . the configuration of the planets will support the disciplined attention you give to your home . maybe it is time to start cleaning out some of the clutter that has miraculously accumulated in corners you do not go through regularly . open your eyes to your kitchen and bathroom especially and discover what you need to make your life better ! $ you will be able to do much good for those around you during this time of intense celestial energy . you do not have to look farther than your daily life in order to contribute mountains of beneficial energy to the planet . you have a gift for relating to others and eliciting what they are thinking and feeling , and then seeing the best in this . keep yourself feeling alive and willing to engage by minding a very healthy diet full of fresh produce . $ communication is one of the main tenets of good health - we are responsible for working out the physical and emotional energy we come into contact with . often , we can tackle both at once . long runs give us time to focus on specific issues and find solutions . yoga classes help us get centered and look within to find patience when we thought we 'd run out . try to exercise with the awareness that your heart must be healthy in order to speak its truth . $ today 's planetary energy can make you aware of expression and breathing . this can provide you with a clue as to the direction your fitness regimen might go in ! pick something you love to do that involves fresh air : hiking , walking , cycling , swimming , running - and do it ! this is something you certainly need to take seriously - even if it 's rolling down the window when you are driving ! meditate on what fresh air does for your lungs . $ today 's planetary alignment gives you the motivation you need to stay close to home and work on your core issue : your health ! everyone needs to focus on healthy habits for at least one month out of the year , and you will benefit from making this your month . check in with how you are really feeling . a virtual yoga class or a walk in the early mornings will center you for the rest of the day . $ for a couple of days an unfavorable aspect exerts its influence . your tendency to speak before you think will be something for you to watch out for . rather than blurting out what you think and expecting to feel resolved , take your frustrations to the gym , if possible , or on a run , swim or bike ride . learn to seek satisfaction in knowing your own feelings - without necessarily expressing them to another person . try this for a week and you 'll be pleased with the results . $ be on the lookout for issues that flair up around friends and family these days . you may be open to new ideas and new ways of thinking , but do not let this open - mindedness get you into trouble . the aspect of the day will typically bring up some boundary issues . you have the right to say no when a boundary is being crossed . and you are the one who sets the boundaries ! practice yoga or meditation to stay on top of your best interests . $ today 's planetary alignment will inspire you to feel more passionately about everyday things . you can expect a high energy level and the desire to get everything done that you set out to do ! but stay aware of what is reasonable during this burst of fire energy . you still need to get a good night 's rest , a decent amount of exercise each day , and keep a healthy , balanced diet . use your enthusiasm to tackle projects already underway - be wary of starting new ones . $ you do not need to be warned about the position of the planets today ; you are relatively aware of the little things that make communication successful or not . however , you might want to be aware of what you can do to make communication more effective . drinking plenty of water will both fill you with patience and make you slow down enough to notice what needs to be said ( and what needs to be left out ! ) . $ the planets ' position today gives you a chance to really know what you are feeling . and this could be the most useful thing to focus on right now . there may be conflicts around your current friendships , but it is more important to know what you feel than to know what the other person did or failed to do . concentrate on yourself . to help in this endeavor , focus on what you eat and avoid foods that do not drag you down - especially sugar . $ the planetary alignment prompts you to go straight ahead with plans that involve just you . this could be your job or travel plans , depending on your level of independence , but it definitely means your diet and exercise regimen . energy is not going to be an issue for you this month unless there is a specific aspect countering this extremely fiery one . using common sense , of course , stretch yourself to a new limit in terms of your exercise regimen . $ the aspect of the day will emphasize your ability to put feelings into words , and possibly thoughts into action . if you 've had communication difficulties and are ready to clear the air , now is as good a time as any . if you want to increase communication with your boss or your children , now is a good time to initiate new avenues of dialogue . if you are trying to make good on your resolutions and goals to stay fit and eat healthy , there 's no time like the present ! $ the aspect of the day gives you a wonderful burst of positive energy . you may feel as though anything is possible . you sense spring in the air ! this happy feeling can touch others at home and at work . enjoy your lightheartedness and celebrate by encouraging it in others . even the food you eat can reflect a respect for this kind of energy . organic food grown with respect for the earth is a great place to start ( and it has better flavor ) . $ the planetary alignment today will emphasize your protective instincts . you may find yourself protecting other people at home or at work , or feeling protective of yourself . otherwise , you could be having a very emotional day - not necessarily heavy - and need to feel loved by those around you . either way it 's a sensitive time , so watch what you eat . avoid dairy and processed sugars . try to stick to fresh produce and light sources of protein such as fish and legumes . $ make the most of the current aspect by staying open to your friends . there is still the problem of communication , however , so do not forget to think before you speak . communication is key during this transit , so it 's important to know how you feel about a given matter before you choose to speak out about it . take some time to yourself and meditate - however that works for you . a virtual yoga class is always good for body and mind . $ the aspect of the day gives you the power to express yourself emotionally with the people you care about . rather than wondering whether your emotions will be accepted or validated , express yourself with abandon and really let your friend know how you are feeling . it never turns out as bad as your fears tell you it will ! get your blood flowing with some aerobic exercise and try to understand what you are feeling yourself before you try to communicate it to someone else . have courage ! $ sometimes there just is not enough room to express yourself in full - and that 's a bummer . today could be one of those days where you are ready to shine , but no one gives you the stage ! try to pay attention to yourself when no one else seems to be doing a very good job of it . do you have any health concerns that you 've been ignoring ? consider treating yourself to a visit to a massage therapist . . . $ coming full circle gives you a sense of accomplishment . notice the things that you have accomplished , and you will inevitably see the pattern of ending up where you started but with greater self - awareness . caring for yourself and your body is a way of constantly adapting to change while greeting the new optimistically . our diet is our best prevention against disease , exercise our best weapon against depression , and good sleep our best way to feel truly centered . concentrate on developing these skills to the fullest . $ it 's time to get down and stretch ! if you have any physical or emotional ailments , i recommend you take yourself to the floor and stretch out your spine - it is certain to help . remember , your imaginary lion 's tail is attached to your spine . any feelings of being bottled up , emotionally or physically , will dissipate with a good long stretch or a visit to your local yoga establishment . remember to always drink a lot of water after you stretch out your spine - it increases flexibility . $ you may surprise yourself today . it could suddenly be time for you to shine - like the sun peeking through the clouds , you could light up a room when you least expect it . have a good time with this ! maybe it 's time to treat yourself to a little bit of online shopping . a new moisturizer would be a good idea , or perhaps some earrings or a new hat . something to accentuate your head , which is where your heat energy radiates . $ watch your insecurities carefully today . you may notice a point where things could go one way or another : make it your job to choose the best possible outcome and put your energies into that positive framework . so much of what we complain about was actually of our choosing in the first place . if you are feeling insecure because you have not received your fair share of compliments , do not wait until it 's too late ! give your partner , boss , or friends the clearest possible messages about what you need . $ you 'll feel your best today if you can get your heart rate up . it 's a good day to focus on your exercise routine - especially if you have not been doing it for a while . if exercise is not exactly a word in your working vocabulary , it 's time to take a look at this . you do not have to do anything fancy - you can try easing into a good habit with a few sit - ups before bed . eat sensibly , even if you crave extravagant foods . it 's not the time for indulging . $ you can tend to put the blame on others when you feel unfulfilled , and today could be a day of special sensitivity for you . be gentle with yourself and try to express your feelings without putting the blame on others . a healthy dose of green vegetables ( broccoli , a fresh spinach salad , brussels sprouts ) will give you the extra energy you need to fight off negative feelings . do not despair - you can help yourself more than you think ! pay close attention to your diet today . $ you may find yourself making friends in the most unusual ways today ! you can expect the unexpected - from yourself and others . remember that this is temporary , though - it 's not a change of heart - it 's more like a change of clothes ! your heart , by the way , is always happy to receive a little attention - and i 'm talking about getting in a good cardio workout . see if your new acquaintances enjoy getting their heart rates up in a healthy outdoor environment . maybe those who do will become lasting friends . $ a light - hearted playfulness graces your sign today ! you may feel an increased level of energy and a desire to play with others . a game of tennis or squash , or any other sport that you can play with someone else is preferable to exercise done alone if at all possible . your attitude will be attractive and even seductive . make a point of releasing your energy through play today - get outside and share your positive feelings . this is a good day to spend with children if you have any at home . $ if you need help at work or at home , today is a great day to ask for it . others are only too willing to serve you . if you 've been neglecting your own needs lately , take the time to secure help with the kids or stop working early , and do something for yourself . this could be taking a walk or hopping on the treadmill to get your heart rate up ( always important ! ) , or even doing some online shopping for the little things that have been on your personal list for too long . $ giving in to your instincts is a natural move for you . however , there is a tendency to confuse instinct with excess . the planetary alignment challenges you to find what is really the best outlet for your instinctual urges , and can provide direction if you tune in . some dietary advice : try to use grains and legumes for your energy and protein sources this week . $ today you 're ready to take risks to defend what 's important to you . do not get carried away and forget your basic needs , though . if you 're inclined to be the center of attention , dancing or practicing boxing moves in public will give you the workout you need while satisfying the daring feeling you have . other dares can include what you eat . put raisins in a meat dish you might prepare . they are wonderful for your heart and the taste combination is astonishing ! $ give yourself enough time to get things done today . you may feel pulled in several directions at once , and it will take a lot of emotional energy to balance yourself out before you can begin to get things accomplished . while exercise might be the last thing on your mind , consider that everything you do will benefit from the sharper focus you have once you 've given your heart rate a chance to strengthen and pump fresh blood into your system ! $ things may not go as planned today . just when you are starting to get things going your way , something can happen to upset the whole picture . what you do in a situation like this says a lot about you . in order to have the patience and endurance you will need , be sure to get aerobic exercise . the oxygen in your bloodstream is converted directly into patience ! and a bit of spicy food is good to get the toxins out of your blood , too ! $ you may feel like someone suddenly poured a bucket of cold water on you - scared , shrunken , and more than a little disgruntled . well , what would you do if someone you loved felt this way ? try to give yourself the same care and turn those feelings into positive energy by inviting yourself back into life ! take yourself on a mission to cheer yourself up from the inside out . this may involve a brisk walk in the sunshine , a fun dance session , or an online shopping trip ! $ your feelings will guide you if you will let them . there is a temptation to go the route that will win the most approval , but it would be in your best interest to start opening up to approval from within . getting to do what you want is an option you give yourself - it has nothing to do with outside approval . thus , consider your body and how you feel in it today . is there some nagging health issue that you wish were not there ? begin by addressing your problem areas . $ you have great ideas , but it 's important to prioritize ! first things first : how is your body working for you these days ? the body is such a good friend to us ; we must try to be as good to it as it is to us ! consider right now what you think would be good for you : more or less exercise ? more or less sleep ? more or less of certain foods ? from visualizing comes goal setting ; from the goals comes the power to take daily action . $ you care about your appearance , and there is certainly nothing unhealthy about that ! what we do for ourselves largely begins with caring about how we look . one of the greatest appearance enhancers is adequate rest . are you a rested person ? rest is easier to come by if you have exercised during the day - and a little goes a long way . our lifetime habits determine how we look in the long run . a diet or a new suit is just a drop in the bucket . $ when it comes to discipline , you sometimes react as though the guillotine had been drawn ! the resistance to discipline can be quite strong . for instance , if you begin to think of all the things you could be doing to live a healthier life you could easily scare yourself . try noticing what you already do that is working for you , then try to figure out what you really enjoy and what feels like a chore . perhaps you can adjust and put more in of the former and reduce the latter . see how it goes . $ once you feel comfortable looking into your personal habits , take a trip into the kitchen . do you have what it takes in there to prepare your own nutritious meals ? it 's important to feel comfortable in your own kitchen ; it means you are ready to take control of what you eat . even if you only cook one meal a week , you will begin to learn the process by which you nourish yourself intelligently . make your kitchen a priority in the home - decorating budget ! $ knowing the right thing to do for your home will be easy today . if your kitchen needs a paint job , plan it for an upcoming weekend ! if your knives need to be sharpened so that you enjoy cooking more ( what , knives sharpened ? ) - go ahead and get to it ! it 's important to improve the quality of kitchen life in your home . whatever it means to you , the heart of your home is the kitchen , because without nourishment we would not be here ! $ you enjoy eating takeout or delivery often , and you know that taking action for a healthier lifestyle can be as simple as ordering fish and salad rather than meat and potatoes . this is a good time to bring your personality into your own kitchen and try to recreate the dishes you have enjoyed eating from restaurants . many restaurants publish their own cookbooks ! as you get familiar with preparing food for yourself , you will start to notice little things that make a big difference . $ starting all over again is not always easy . sometimes you need plenty of reassurance and coaxing . it may be time to look into changing your health habits to make them even healthier than they are . a child does easily let go of its favorite things . similarly , the grown - up does not appreciate new suggestions about how to behave . without balking , try to look into what recurring themes you have about food in your life . remember that there 's really no criticism involved , just loving reassessment , and growth . $ instincts and intuition serve you well in public this year . dreams and wishful thinking about your career situation might also claim some of your attention . so long as you understand that these are brainstorming times and not times to act , you 'll be better than fine . friends and lovers give you what you want in july . impatience might strike in september , but you can have fun anyway . telling fact from fancy is easy in october . you 're at your most psychic in february , so keep a low profile and be gentle . love yourself and find contentment with a loved one at year 's end ! $ career and work come into focus this year . you 're not one to give everything away , but you may be more conscious of how much good work people can do for one another . take your time and be willing to think things through until it all makes sense . loved ones take extra good care of you in july . do not feel unworthy of any gift . if irritable in september , schedule more private time . negative criticism will not help much in october . inspiration might strike you at work in february . be responsible throughout . after a social surprise in march , the year ends rich in luxury and love ! $ it 's a high - energy year when you could take your life and career in hand , for better or worse . make it for the better and resist being impulsive , impatient , or quarrelsome . enjoy love and support in july , perhaps even in the form of money or material goods . september might be difficult , but you can avoid any explosions or blowouts by simply being tactful . old wisdom is there for you in october . use it . a partner could come or go in january . do not fight it . it 's a sizzling year full of change , excitement , opportunity , and big love ! do good things with it all ! $ look forward to a year of fun , mischief , and wild inventiveness ! you 're bursting with fresh ideas , especially in the first month , and it might be hard for you to keep a lid on things , even at home . home is the most fun and fortunate place to be in july . high spirits might draw some fire in october , but you do not have to alienate anyone . a spiritual insight could touch your heart in february . stay practical and loving . march is action packed and exciting , so practice self - restraint when appropriate . may and june are full of brilliant company and conversation , roses , wine , and sweet , sweet love ! $ look and feel your best with more quality time with your friends this year . if work and family affairs bring minor challenges or interruptions , stepping out into the social scene will recharge your batteries . after the smooth summer months , september might try to frustrate your fun . do not be annoyed . a partner or lover might need a change . be fair minded and go with it . in february you might come across an inspiring person or learn that someone is inspired by you . march and april brim with excitement and activity . dress up and relax into it . the year ends peacefully and full of elegant affection ! $ sweet times with good friends can keep this year moving forward for you ! you will not need to spend a lot of money or make a lot of expensive changes either . spend most of your time with solid , sensible , good friends and then negative , difficult people will have less access to you . july could bring some extra income or maybe a touch of extra pleasure at home . october may have a rocky day or two , but do not cling to any bad feelings . a partner could pleasantly surprise you in january . watch out for emotional dreams in february . the year ends sparkling with luxurious fun and gentle love ! $ you 're bubbling over with charm this year , but most of it will be lavished on special people in private . you 'll be sweet and sensitive in public , too , but not to the same extent . a gift might come from a mystery friend or admirer in july . things go smoothly until an issue at work might briefly spill over to home . do not get impatient or angry . respect the opinion of a partner or lover in december , but do not lose self - confidence . you have to be you . be bold but not brash at work in march and april . shine brightest and bask in the warmest affection at year 's end ! $ your brightest ideas and best plans may be made during private time , so do not overbook yourself or skimp on downtime . a few special friends ( or that very special one in your life ) may share these times , but not the rest of the world . be generous and receive favors in july and august . be supercharged and energetic at home in october . more peaceful times may be called for in november . be quietly creative . a flash of inventiveness at work in march might need time to gel . the last month could see entertainment , small private parties , and after - dinner drinks with romantic overtones ! $ it 's a great year for plotting and making preparations for the long term ! the future is not just tomorrow . now that you have a clearer view of what you want and where you want to go , dreams , instincts , and intuition can be your guides . be generous and big - hearted in july , and enjoy material abundance . family comes into focus in october , and you have more than enough energy to finish what gets started . respect your ambitions and passions in march , even if friends disagree . the last month is yours to examine and reconsider anything or anyone that this year has brought . be loving , loved , and admired ! $ start something near and dear to your heart this year and pursue it to completion ! put self - improvement on your agenda and you can be greatly successful . spirit and heart are big and bright . enjoy a burst of energy to finish up the final stages of a long - lingering project in october . new clever ideas might distract you , but stick with the tried and true . a romantic bolt comes out of the blue in december or january . stay calm and self - assured . dream what you most want in february . end the year in strong , powerful , passionate form and launch into a magnificent future ! $ have great self - confidence and be your own best luck this year ! you can do this modestly , graciously , and without a huge ego . after a smooth summer , your temper or patience may be tested in october and november , especially at home . seek and respect old advice and the experience of others . a romantic flare - up or brief hot fling could happen in december . be civilized but not too deferential . be more idealistic in february , even if you do not act on the sentiment . do not be tossed by any repeat surprises at work in march . the last month mellows out with culture , comfort , conversation , and great compassion ! $ money and material concerns may preoccupy you this year . focus on genuine abundance , be realistic , and improve your status and appearance . summer is yours to work as you please . you may need to stand up for yourself and your ideas in october , especially with family members , but it do not have to result in conflict . another personal , more romantic challenge might arise in january . respect yourself as well as others . remember , you are but half of any relationship . your heart softens and opens in february . at year 's end value your friends , tastes , preferences , and what and whom you love best . all love is returned in full ! $ enjoy a glamorous year with great energy , especially for material or financial matters . be most lucky with your generous impulses in the first month . settle into a summer of productivity with cooperative friends . countless minor quarrels could slow you down in october . if you lose your focus , a fresh new love will set you straight . if you get angry for a while , expect to be grateful later . wishful thinking or ungrounded good intentions could cause trouble in february . a major shift at work in march could work to your advantage if you are not too aggressive . high - octane love and energy are yours all year long ! $ it 's a dynamic year , when you can be the star whenever you need to . your sparkling wit can surprise even you , all to good effect . look and feel your best in the first month , especially at home and with friends . shine brightly with close friends in august . october energizes an issue at home and motivates you to meet all challenges head - on . slow down and rest in november . a love interest could get too interesting in january . you 'll shine in april , even if it 's a bit uncomfortable . you know who and what you want this year , and everything 's within reach . have a great year ! $ enjoy countless opportunities and promising complications this year . you 'll see and think clearly through everything , and no wishful thinking or grandiose offering will deceive you . small pleasures and company close to home will abound in september . this happiness can fuel you for the rest of the year . be most proactive in october , especially concerning home affairs . a major love might come ( or go ) in january . do not be knocked off balance . likewise , a burst of hopeless idealism could bruise your heart in february . be compassionate but practical . expect surprises at work in april , some from you . it 's a brilliant , productive year full of tenderness and love ! $ you could make a big change or two this year , revamping yourself , the people ( or special person ) in your life , or even where you live . you 're big - hearted and have big vision , even if you do not use it . details in the small picture may distract you in august and september , but those efforts will not be wasted . be motivated , even confrontational , in october , to complete some major project . be captain of the team in november . a romantic shakeup is possible in january , and an old fond fantasy may return in february . work energetically in april . a sweet , sensitive last month ends a dynamite year ! $ peace and quiet may be scarce in the outside world , but you have an infinite reserve of inner calm that will look like magic to others . your big - hearted approach , especially to down - home situations , will win you admiration all year , especially in the first month . october and november may be busiest , but you 'll also be the most energetic . take downtime in november , when fewer , if any , people come to interrupt you . romance flares up in january . dream big in february , although a friend might not agree . be clever ( and charming ) at work in april . enjoy a cozy , sparkling end to a busy year ! $ you 're a rolling ball of fire all this year , and full of surprises , too ! even if people could keep up with you , they will not be able to guess which way you 're going . after a calm few months things heat up in october , when you 're jump - started into doing more at home , perhaps for family . progress and good karma can come from simply being nicer to the right relative or friend . november is quieter but still has its share of fun . brief romantic fireworks are possible in january . be solid at work in april , and relax in loving , passionate arms during the final months ! $ you have a secret source of great love and support this year , possibly from friends and relatives . be grateful and do not press for explanations . it may be a year of random acts of kindness , so perform your share . be energetic in october , smoothing ruffled feathers and restoring peace and pleasantness at home . be more low - key in november , but still fully enjoying life . a change - up in daily routine could have long - lasting effects . enlightenment is possible in february . if sparks fly at work in april , you can cope with it . spend the last month lavishing and receiving love and encouragement . it 's a passionate , powerful year ! $ emotions run high and a lot of that can be channeled into creative fun that keeps your heart beating loud and fast . meet those daily needs , enjoy smooth sailing , and be ready for a busy october full of family and social affairs . some of it may feel fated , so do not be too quick to say no . be sharp , sensible , and sensitive in november . when the dust settles you 'll look back on a lot of emotional maturity and progress . respect those basic work demands in the spring , and then benefit the rest of the year . cleverness and beauty unite in the last month . bask in the brilliance ! $ the world may think you 've become more serious , and that 's a good thing . you 're simply more sincere in your words and actions and less frivolous about how you spend your time . quiet times at home will still be intense and important to you in september and october . be clear and focused about your passions in november , then do not be a hermit but share your good times . if work gets challenging in march and april , you 'll have energy and wits to spare , and lots of support . lighten up in the last couple of months and indulge in more quality time with the person who loves you best . $ it 's a high - energy , extroverted year ! keep some personal pleasure in your equation , even if spending time with others is your primary source of happiness . just do not let it take over your life . a family or home concern may take all your energy in october , and it will be worth it . do not be frustrated in november if people are not always there for you . respect everyone 's boundaries , especially your own , and do not take everything personally . work may heat up in april . stay grounded and meet the challenge . it 's a smooth , comforting end of the year with more love than you might have dreamed ! $ your daily life do not need to have anything lackluster about it this year . you 've got the magic touch , especially at home in the first month , and know how to set people at ease . after a nice , quiet stretch , family and friends may want to spend more time with you in october . enjoy the attention and tactfully share any extra expenses . people want to treat you well and stay in your good graces . reserve judgment in december if a close friend or lover disappoints you . you can learn why before the year ends . let tender feelings express themselves , and treasure those hugs and kisses ! $ craving a major overhaul in your daily routine ? if not now , the time will come , so do not get anxious about it . keep finances tidy , enjoy a few months of calm , then spring into action at home in october . friends and family may have suggestions and want to help . people will cheerfully respect your wishes in november . this can lead to many pleasant times . be attentive to your health and diet in january and feel healthy and strong . any changes in routine made now will stick . any work stress in april will not be a drain . love yourself and let others love you all year long ! $ it may be time for a love that really works for you , if you do not have one already . if you do , be sure to appreciate what 's good and be patient about improving what is not yet totally perfect . do not let that yearning for perfection deprive you of what is already a wonderful thing . accept the generosity of others , especially in the first month . in the fall be motivated and work hard to make both home and career more satisfying . in january a sudden intense love could survive , if you choose . decompress and reevaluate in the last month . it 's your heart and your year ! $ if you 've overlooked the sexy charms of a sharp mind , that will not happen this year . you never have been content with what 's purely skin - deep . while life looks orderly and calm for the first few months , in october things could get steamy and contentious at home . your true friends will be patient if you get impatient or angry with them . take a deep breath in november and relax with more casual , lightweight activities . an unusual or unconventional love interest may catch your eye or heart , however briefly , come wintertime . what satisfies you may be changing , deepening , improving . be patient and love yourself , too ! $ connect better with friends and loved ones , and have a richer , happier conversation all year long . you 're bright , generous , and fun to be with and this will draw people to you , even after any spat . october and november could be busy and packed with other people 's minor problems . do not worry about any of it . encourage people , and watch any problems solve themselves . money and work both look reliable , although you may imagine a problem in december or january . stay calm and practical - things are fine . share a fond aspiration with friends in february , and work passionately in april . it 's a splendid , congenial year ! $ it 's a dream - filled year , but do not expect to be perfectly understood all the time . pay careful attention and you can mostly stay on the same page with people . you 're upbeat and lucky , so most of them will make the extra effort with you , especially in the first month . some excitement could strike at home in october , but little confusion . blast expertly through autumn , particularly november , and be successful in all that you attempt . inspiration in february may please you and your loved ones before the year ends . publicly surprise and delight people in april . it 's a gentle , sweet year ! $ it 's a tenderhearted year for you . you may feel hypersensitive at times , but keep your feelings under control and notice how psychic you 've become . manage your spending , especially that first month , and still enjoy great times . in september and october you may experience some self - doubt , but stand firm , especially about decisions concerning home and family . your loved ones will agree with you on all counts . take your creative efforts seriously in november and ignore negative criticism . shield your heart in february , but do not hesitate to be sympathetic . you have to genuinely be you . end the year embraced by elegance and emotional security ! $ nothing can stop you this year , so aim high ! you have the energy to push through any obstacle and burn away any opposition . you have plenty of charm , too , and that can ease your way with many people . luck is on your side , especially the first month , so do not wait around . work away happily for several months , then be ready for a big breakthrough , starting at home . negotiate skillfully for what you want and do not question your ability to complete any task . success favors the bold , especially in public , and you have boldness to spare ! make it a spectacular and accomplished year ! $ amaze even yourself with the success that is possible for you this year ! do not take anything for granted , of course , and hard work will be needed , but that 's no problem . your loyalty , generosity , and charm will serve you well all year , especially early on . trust your taste and decision - making abilities , be practical , and do not doubt yourself . a private , inspired fancy that strikes you in february may prove useful by year 's end . april is your time to be stunningly smart and successful at work . be modest and capable , and leave the bragging and grandstanding to lesser beings . it 's a great year just for you ! $ you have your feet securely on the ground this year , and what you do will last . luck follows you , as well as pleasure , particularly in the first month , but do not assume things will always be so easy . october and november offer you a challenge at home or with family that will greatly improve the rest of the year , if not the rest of your life . be self - confident but not brash , and refuse to feel inferior about anything . be at your best at work and in public during april and may , so exert yourself every day . it 's a magnificent year full of happiness and love ! $ career and the trappings of public life may be your focus , with you as your severest critic . people will be impressed and perhaps surprised at your approach and how much success you enjoy . the first month you may have a bit of a golden touch , so use it wisely . in autumn your energy may sag briefly , but it 's always wise to take good care of yourself and respect your limits . just be sensible . in february you might be influenced by someone else 's inspiration . enjoy the good qualities and see enhanced comfort and cleverness before year 's end . have a fantastic and wildly enriched year ! $ personal needs and obligations should come first , of course , but getting out and about can be more than just an escape valve for your heart and mind this year . step up and do your part , especially in the first month . by autumn you may have more energy , perhaps for socializing at home . remember your budget , and do not exhaust yourself . be inspired by others in february even if you do not instantly act on it . show up in public in a big way in april , and then kick back and enjoy may and june in style . love gets sweet , and maybe serious , at year 's end ! $ get your message across , or maybe just enjoy more culture and wit this year ! you 'll never know a boring moment or wonder where to go and what to see . everyone may not share your enthusiasm at first . in the fall you may want to pay more attention to things at home or with family . if friends intrusively suggest you slow down , say less and let things settle themselves , it 's only because they care . friends may inspire you again in february and march . you have friends at work , too , in april . be a friend back . love , brilliance , and warmth surround you at year 's end ! $ new friends , new places , and new activities provide a year 's worth of happiness ! the tried and true old favorites are not going away , but your tastes and horizons are expanding . charm and luck get you going in the first month and serve you well all year . if family or home life gets challenging in october and november , you have the energy and proper words and approach to make all well . you 'll be well respected in november . surprise people - and yourself - in march and april , stepping up and doing radical and new things . indulge curiosity in june and love your life every single day ! $ feelings run deep and strong this year , and you may prefer to keep them to yourself . secrecy and mystery may appeal to you , but simply respecting privacy may work just as well . the first month you 'll be conspicuous , so do not bother hiding how lucky and attractive you naturally are . in the autumn you may need to be a diplomat with friends or family . be sensitive to all sides , respecting privacy and boundaries , and achieve satisfaction everywhere . after a brief spell in the limelight in april , return to your cozy emotional cave and lap up endless love , comfort , and affection till year 's end ! $ mental sharpness and plain old good luck are yours in abundance this year ! most people will not notice , and that 's lucky , too . with slight effort , the early months can be uneventful , organized , and under control . october and november may see some sparks close to home . any quarrels or disagreements will be more about feeling and perception than about any concrete problem . your words have extra authority in november . reserve judgment and be slow to act in january if you have self - doubts . if tossed into the spotlight in april , be modest and let it blow over . enjoy a spectacular , love - filled last month after a grand year ! $ secret loves , intimate pleasures , and the sweet privacy of home may be your greatest treasures this year ! you 're brimming with luck , love , and keen wit , but you can keep a low profile and get things done . patience and temper may get strained by family or neighbors in october . handle things smoothly and do not go ballistic over nothing . your judgment is sound and your authority will be respected . protect your daily routine from flaky temporary interruptions in january . step back in april and let others take center stage . be good to your love and to yourself , and offer no explanations . what a powerful year ! $ it 's a bright new year full of golden fun and opportunities . your inner child may be near the surface , and a touch of innocent mischief could happen at any time . be the normal , responsible adult and enjoy some pleasant months before dealing with a more excitable situation in october . your sheer force of will and good heart should handle any adversity . do not be a bully , though , and let your good sense and experience show through . adventure may call you in april . be bold but safe and sane . the last few months are quieter but still intense and rich with love , life lessons , and more love ! $ be in touch with your greatest desires and ambitions this year . you may not instantly achieve them all , but you can make serious headway to get you farther down the road to success . do not be afraid of new ideas or fresh approaches if the old ones have gone stale . work steadily and see progress , although in october you might rethink or redo something at home or with family . do what makes sense and do not squabble . a needed insight might not come until april . it 's worth the wait . do not be shy either . stay modest and self - confident . people love you and what you do ! $ money and material means could be more on your mind this year . it will not consume your life , and you 'll find it easier to do well and sidestep any silly snags that happen periodically . you 're naturally organized , especially in august and september , and this will keep the rest of the year running smoothly . energy and self - motivation peak in october , when you could wrap up something major and leave emotional space to start something new and wonderful , possibly in march or april . you do not need big plans when small plans succeed in a big way . the last month rocks with success , satisfaction , and generous , big - hearted love ! $ income , gifts , and cherished belongings may matter this year , and friends young and old have generosity , advice , and good examples for you . you 're already smart , gracious , and eager to help , and people want to help you , especially in september . in october and november you can conclude something near home that 's been hanging over your head too long , and win admiration for doing so . this may inspire you in february to do something equally impressive for others . start something striking just for fun in march or april . the last couple months may be less focused but still packed with intimacy , sweet , sincere words , and embraces ! $ your luckiest and happiest times may come close to home this year . many short trips to sample new ideas and styles with close friends or family could open your eyes to more success and pleasure than you suspected . september and october would be the most mentally stimulating , so do not wait too long to explore your neighborhood or corner of town . october might need you at home to finish up an important chore . be energetic and sweep it away . be inspired and inspiring in february . a wild , crazy idea may appeal in april , but it may not hold up . it 's a glorious , glamorous , passionate year ! $ it 's lively , fun times , mostly close to home , with favorite friends and relatives . if not all close to home , then several short field trips and outings of the window - shopping nature could happen . a ripple of discontent ( possibly from a woman friend or relative ) might briefly arise in october , but tact and clear thinking make all smooth again . home affairs deserve attention in november . be energetic and systematic . take good care of yourself in january , rest and eat well . friends surprise you in march . surprise them back - in fun . the last month is sweet , smart , and very lucky ! it 's a lovely , loving year ! $ it 's time to pay attention to the people in your life . you may be surprised to find out which ones are really important , and you might find yourself to be important to a surprising someone else . some of this is karmic . with daily life , money , and job under control , relationships with friends may stir to life in october and november . stay calm and let things sort themselves out . a sudden offer of adventure could appear in march or april . a quarrelsome acquaintance could become a best friend in may . june and july shine brilliantly for you , so keep eyes and heart wide open for blessings and love ! $ this year home may feel safer ( if not always calmer ) , while the outside world offers more than its share of surprises and challenges . some of these challenges may propel you farther ahead in life - they are not just to annoy you . november and december could get emotional , but do not fret . acknowledge any feelings of insecurity and do not let anything stop you from being you . people may be fussy in january , but do not let anyone upset you . march and april are busy , exciting times with built - in comforts and favorite perks . the last month is another reward , full of love , generosity , and great company ! $ create all the peace and quiet at home that you want and need . be gentle , however , and realize that most people do not have your force of will or strong presentation . you do not need to quarrel over every little point , especially in november . do something off the wall and fun ( but not reckless ) in january . draw out a quiet person 's wisdom in february and share what you learn , if appropriate . april and may keep you running and on your toes . maybe take a trip , if only a virtual one . read that e - book . kick back at year 's end with favorite people or a precious loved one and lap up the happiness ! $ emotions run high at home , but your big heart guarantees there 's more than enough love to go around . if a relative or close friend gets difficult in november , you have tact and affection to spare . this applies to co - workers , too , in march and april . someone 's fond dream could inspire you in february , but you also know how to live in the real world . with minimum ( or no ) stress over finances or work , any challenging times in april and may can be made productive and pleasant . remember who loves you , and love back . there will be great stories and favors to share at year 's end ! $ it 's a fiery , passionate year when sharp minds and bright ideas can be sexy and fun . ( good bodies and shining smiles are still winners , too . ) keep the bills and the work situation on track and then , if you 're inclined to get away from home for a while in the fall , go . december turns to the fun , bright side . enjoy new people , places , and things . one may become a favorite . march , april , and may are mischievous times , so roll with any friendly punches and startle people into sudden smiles . keep it safe and non - combative . hugs , kisses , and clever sweet nothings enrich and expand your world ! $ do your own thing in a big way , without chasing away the rest of the world . look and feel attractive and self - assured . so long as you 're practical and remember the details of daily life , problems can be few and easily fixed . unvoiced jealousy could ruffle a calm home life in november , but you have the energy and determination to stand your ground . december and january may bring misunderstanding , but it can turn to laughter later . stay calm and enjoy life . big dreams find you in the springtime to take you on a journey , if only in the mind . it 's a stunning , sparkling year ! $ your tastes and desires may differ from what the world offers , but do not swerve from what you love . in october friends or family may suggest things you do not like to do , but be gracious and play along if you think the company is good . follow your own drumbeat in december , be calm and pleasant through the holidays , and be glad you did . if misgivings arise in april or may , that 's fine . respect your right to reevaluate earlier opinions and actions . learn , improve , and advance . love yourself , and give others the chance to love you , especially in the last month . it 's a stimulating , sexy year ! $ notice what others overlook and observe what no one else can see . it may be hard to share yours news , though , but do not let that get you down . be smart and enjoy many smooth days in the summer , then brace for a personal challenge ( perhaps suggested by a friend ) in october . november may bring moments of second - guessing yourself , mostly at home , but you can learn and profit from this with no long - term negative feelings . delight some new friends with a few favorite old tricks in the springtime . be a popular romance magnet as the year comes to a magnificent close ! $ respect those little necessities of life - things like routine and health - and see how huge the reward can be . in october and november , you may spot some small possible changes ( like just being smarter about diet ) that bring you instant energy and inspire a friend or relative . in november an old annoying issue can be resolved at home . fix , forgive , and do not forget the lesson . a breakthrough could happen in february to improve your life in many small ways . please yourself and surprise others in april . it do not have to be reckless or self - indulgent . have a loving , cozy , and successful year ! $ dreams of love fill this year , and perhaps the angel you 're visualizing could appear . if not red - hot , sexy , snazzy romance , it could still be a dream of a profoundly warm and secure heartfelt connection . friends and relationships close to home may distract you in the fall . in november some deeply rooted attachment or habit may see its end or resolution . february holds sweet sunshine for the soul , even if it 's not long lived . enjoy the blessing . be playful and entertaining in april . the final month is all charm , elegance , luxury - and more charm . it 's a heartfelt and heart - expanding year ! $ be inspired and inspire others all year . you 're already smart and practical about money and work . in the fall connect more firmly with friends who are grateful for your company . be prepared to be the authority figure at home and make a pivotal decision . share opinions without any preaching or speaking down to anyone . be respected even if you 're considered eccentric in january . the world is full of surprises in april and may . observe , assess , and appreciate the chance for change . love surrounds you all year long , but you 'll most strongly sense it in the final month . ah , love , so well worth waiting for ! $ your heart and head shift into high gear , and few will be able to resist you . take care should you charm the wrong someone accidentally . be smart , shrewd , and sensible and enjoy unchallenged smooth sailing until november , when friends may want more time than you feel you have . a family elder may want your help or just your presence later in the fall . in february a magical romance could briefly flash in your sky . shine brightest in march and april . be ambitious for others , and for yourself , too . aim high . be blessed and be a blessing for others in the last month . embrace the love ! $ a million bright new ideas may strike you this year , and several of them could click into reality . few people will be able to keep up with your quick wit , or even be able to see you coming . be sensible , practical , and do not fritter this away on simple amusement . decide for yourself what 's worth doing in october and november . friends might have other ideas . respect your own judgment at home in november and cherish the safe space . think and plan big in april , and learn great lessons for future use . surprise yourself . the last month is more private , quiet , and tremendously lucky and happy ! $ be eager to learn , improve , and lap up all the wisdom the world wants to share with you . your eyes and mind are wide open , ready to receive it all . in the fall you may be bored and resist doing the same easy things with friends . relax and let the irritation pass . choose to face a difficulty at home in november , and honor your willingness to take on the challenge . big fun comes your way in january , and in february big , loving dreams find you to make the heart beat fast . surprise yourself and delight others in april . you 're the world 's darling at year 's end ! $ do your favorite things in a big way , and get things done on a big scale . it will not take a huge effort , either , just steady attention to what matters . friends may challenge you in november . just stand your ground , be fair , and win more respect . indulge an impulse for big fun in january , but be aware that it might come back to haunt you . sweet love beckons in february , although the memory may be less sweet . live and learn . be brilliant and popular in may and june . intense pleasures and great progress can be yours . do your best and do not look back ! $ shine in public and enjoy great career opportunities this year ! there 's no point in hiding or saying no when a challenge arises . you 're up to it . start the year with a calm , focused mind , meet those daily requirements , and enjoy a sparkling november and december with active friends who keep you running . slow down and concentrate on your own affairs until february , when love might come knocking on your door with a dreamy episode . if restless or bored in april and may , take private time or a private trip . career is highlighted in may and june . have a charmed and charming year ! $ express yourself , especially in public and in the workplace . you have the tact and tenacity to get your message across without offending . the year starts with a misconception cleared up . in the fall there could be a difference of opinion , or perhaps just a clash of tastes or preferences . it 's not worth a big blowout . january brings a creative idea to life . attend to simple daily needs and drift into a romantic interlude in february . good intentions may be misunderstood in april , but do not be hurt by this . it 's a solid , proactive year of stepping out , loving , and being loved more and more ! $ career and your public image may be important to you this year , and you can make much progress finding ways to tell the world what you want . some frustrations are part of the package , so be at ease and make sure to be clear , particularly about details in the first month or two . welcome a friendly debate to further clear the air in the fall . in january you 'll sense that people want you to succeed and have fun . february is a month of valentines . be someone 's treasure , if only briefly . find an unexpected way to help in april , and benefit . love , advance , and share every day ! $ be part of a bigger extended family and take a bigger social role with friends and community . bake more brownies ( to share , of course ) or simply smile and comfort the shy and quiet around you . focus on the details of daily life despite desires for great or flamboyant things . in november friends may expect you to take the lead in everything . be bold and creative in january . a flash of love in february promises great things , but may fizzle . enjoy and do not be disappointed . a reward for a forgotten favor may appear in april . be popular , sought after , and downright loved all year ! $ social causes and group needs may claim more of your attention . you cannot rescue every kitten , obviously , but being more civic - minded on a sensible scale can take you far this year . you 're innately practical and responsible . be sensitive but not silly or self - sacrificial with friends in november . a yearned - for love might appear then disappear in february . cherish the encounter and do not mourn . not all requests are reasonable or possible in april . the last two months are full of opportunities for as many good works as you desire and as much love , affection , and luxury as can be imagined ! $ friends , family , and ties to the past could reach out and touch you more frequently this year . welcome the contact and connection . october may bring a chance for improved income . cooperate and let things happen . november may tweak a friend or two , but you have a firm grasp of things . the winter might be the season for love , so enjoy the warmth . if asked for help in april , know that it 's because you 're tried , true , and trusted . enjoy the closing two months in the arms of your favorite company , sharing so many of the gifts and good things you 've encountered this year ! $ work your best magic quietly and inconspicuously . save your energy and let others compete for the spotlight . you may feel too busy or involved to form new relationships in the first month , but this will change . in the fall you have the energy and authority to clear up a disagreement among friends . you can do this nicely and with a gentle touch . you may be briefly tempted by love in the winter . do not debate with yourself , no matter how it turns out . great energy and some mischief return in april and may . get things done for others - and yourself . have a golden , glorious , glamorous end of the year ! $ be your own best friend this year and let others be drawn to you . you 're attractive in a compelling , quiet way , and the right people will find you . welcome new - even radical - ideas , particularly in the first month , and give them a chance to bloom . if friends get jealous about something in november , let them express themselves and watch everything resolve on its own . let no feathers stay ruffled . your best talents may come out to help someone in march and april . look good and do good all year . kick back in the last month and love those countless , quiet , intimate moments ! $ mysteries , secrets , and powerful dreams may occupy you this year . your normal outside world will not be forgotten , people and finances will not be neglected , but psychic energies may intrude and call for your attention . it may not always be convenient , especially in the beginning . insights and sharp thinking can help you handle any difficulties with friends in november . feelings and psychic gifts may confuse then cooperate with desires in february . be careful but give yourself a chance to succeed with others . the last month is pivotal , with great good luck and love , and a chance for a clear view into your own ( and maybe another 's ) heart ! $ it 's a bright new year when you can see yourself in a whole new light . you do not have to totally reinvent yourself , but it 's possible . concentrate on the fine points and small things about yourself that could make the biggest differences . by the end of the first month you may feel totally different , happier , and more secure about yourself . friends are there for you in november , even if they do not agree with every word you say . flattery will not fool you in february . be gracious anyway . be energetic in april , and share liberally all the rest of the lucky , lovely , and loving year ! $ you 're at your smartest and most critical this year , so go for constructive criticism and keep spirits high . you may find yourself being the natural leader among your friends in the fall . do not invest too much energy , but let things develop as they will . do something radical and fun just for yourself in january . you deserve it . a peek into your deepest desires or into the heart of a would - be lover could happen in february . be brave . high energy and the willingness to help someone in april or may could make you even happier by year 's end . it 's a modest but magnificent year ! $ money and material well - being could be the focus of this year , in all the best ways . you can be shrewd and practical and still nice about it all , and this can smooth any rough waters and take you to higher ground and better places . people may be bold with you in october and november , but you 're level - headed and secure in your facts . lead the way to fun with your friends in november and december . empty sweet talk gets nowhere in february . the real romantic deal may come along in the last two months , so keep that smile and open - hearted disposition ! what a grand year ! $ things can click and fall into place for you in the material world this year . generosity , good timing , and just being smart will all contribute to your financial progress . details are easier to manage , so watch that budget , pay the bills on time , and enjoy being with your favorite people , especially in the fall . big pleasures can come to you at zero or very little cost in january . a romantic fantasy may find you in february . enjoy , but do not flounder in it . do some favors in april and be rewarded . the last month is full of gifts and glamorous times ! have a proactive , prosperous year ! $ look forward to busy times and many short jaunts and field trips this year . friends may try to send you off on errands in november , possibly your busiest month . indulge them if it pleases you . you are well - grounded and will not neglect your own needs , so once your essentials are met , feel free to pick and choose your options . you may be healthier than you feel in the winter . do not feel guilty , however , if you choose to slow down and go easy . you get to relax , too ! after a slightly busy april , enjoy many sensible , peaceful days and sweet hours . you 've earned them ! $ you are in charge this year , and people will do as you ask . the universe may not obey , but on the day - to - day scale , you exert great influence . be compassionate , ambitious , and make great progress this year . people may challenge you and try to be difficult , mostly in november and later near the end of the year . be gracious , but do not back down unless you decide it 's wise . be wise in the winter , and take good basic care of yourself . share wisdom and advice with superiors in april and may , and be socially promoted . it 's a year of power , plenty , and sweet passions ! $ look forward to busy times around your neighborhood , both fun times and growth opportunities . if your opinions of friends or family are changing , you are not being fickle . you 're observing , learning , and seeing deeper . be highly sharp , practical , and meticulous in the first month . this helps you deal with people in november . do something wild , crazy , and maybe moneymaking in january . shake off a self - deception in february . in april react with wit , cleverness , and good training when something unexpected arises . july and august are more fun filled ( though maybe not as relaxing ) , with lots to do with lots of people - plus a possible behind - the - scenes romance ! $ treasure your home and then go boldly forth ! you 'll feel at home anywhere in the world you go . you should not feel awkward or out of place no matter where you are or what you 're doing . your communication and people skills make you popular from the first month on . take charge with friends in november and have many happy and well - organized short outings . home life glows with holiday warmth in december and continues throughout the year . wake up to a false dream in february . the last two months shine with good luck , group entertainment , and perhaps a challenging but thrilling love interest near the end ! $ a more beautiful home and more comfortable refuge from the world could be priorities for you this year . the first month you may rethink how your home functions for others , but really you 're more focused on yourself . in november you may sacrifice a bit of comfort or glamour with friends at home , but that will not last . you should have the arrangement you need by december or early january . rest well and write down your dreams in february . be clever and lucky in april , at first for others but later for yourself as well . end the year in the lap of luxury , satisfaction , and love ! $ relax this year in a bright , love - filled home life , with plenty of success out in the world , too ! the first month you may listen to others , but you do not have to accept it all . take power into your own hands in november and december and see friends yield to your suggestions and opinions . this do not require any harsh persuasion . january might have moments of nervous energy , mostly concerning home affairs , but things really are under control . startle your family in april and delight your friends in august . the year ends on a very high , bright , and happy note ! relax , be that wonderful you , and enjoy it all ! $ work and play come together for you this year , so love what you do and benefit from it all . a hobby or social activity could turn lucrative and do more than pay for itself . in late september and october you may get an idea or glimpse of something fun turning functional , and by november friends may want to urge you on and play , too . a change at home could further make this possible . january brings you more fun and cooperative people . be responsible , but consider if you 're not passionate about it , then why do it ? starting in august the year shines with celebration , affection , and love ! $ enjoy a lot of people discovering you . being even - tempered and fun - loving will serve you well all year long . a clever idea or insight could cause some ripples here or there , but you know what you like and you know it 's worth it in the end . november lets you be in charge with friends and relatives when it comes to decisions close to home . a high hope may prove to be too high in february . be grateful rather than disappointed . have extra energy for pleasure , people , and good purposes from april through year 's end . love could quietly surprise you in the last month ! $ build that self - confidence and great inner glow that bring admiration and opportunity your way ! if an intimate someone is critical of you , rest assured a secret admirer thinks you 're beyond perfect . be honest but gentle with yourself in the first month , and turn up that smile . people are looking for it . friends , fun , and encouragement are yours in november . some disapproval at home in january might briefly slow you down , but keep smiling . any self - doubts should be eradicated after february . good luck , good times , and many happy , congenial people may be the norm by summer . and that secret admirer could appear by year 's end ! $ look and feel your the most dreamy this year ! this could attract many admirers , especially secret ones . if you are not ready to encounter them all , respect your health and comfort level . people could bring you adventurous ideas in the first month , but the ideas will not be functional until maybe the spring . friends will want to do meaningful as well as fun things in november . make suggestions , expand , and enjoy . health , basic well - being , and solid daily routine are important in february and march . the last two months could introduce you to some of those secret admirers . if comfortable , be the answer to a special someone 's dream . $ it 's a glorious year for romance and partnerships of all kinds ! if secure in a relationship , you could go deeper still . the first month is filled with practical plans and innovative ways to make life work better . november and december may be full of friends , small errands , and short trips . a practical consideration at home could shake you free in january . pay more attention to your own needs in february . you do not have to face all this alone , however . a romantic connection or other loving assistance is yours from now till year 's end , and it 's especially powerful in the last two months ! $ find that new love , find a new facet in your current love , or perhaps see a stalled love come back to life ! any of these are possible this year . during the first month think clearly and be crystal clear about your role in relationships . in november friends provide a bit of levity and good , silly fun . a drastic change at home in january might alarm some but will work out perfectly . if romance rocks your world in april , you can rock back . work and your place in the world are solid and getting luckier and sweeter as the year ends ! $ something that surprised you in the past could come back to work its positive magic again ! think conservatively as the year opens , but if you see a clever new idea or approach to life , you 'll recognize it . money may preoccupy you in october , but it will mostly be other people 's money . learn some good and useful lessons for yourself . january zooms in on home and perhaps the dramatic resolution to some nagging dissatisfaction . trust your own taste and decisions in february . people may preoccupy you in april but the following months are all yours . be happy and productive . it 's an elegant , intimate final month ! $ solid solutions and pleasing results are priorities this year . even if they 're not yet attainable , you 're crafting how you want things to be and making plans to get there . inspiration brings practical ideas in october . money matters might also improve . take charge of fun as well as entertainment expenses in november . friends will be appreciative . make that small but all - important change at home in january . take better care and love yourself more in february . you deserve it . enjoy helping someone in may . you 're really helping yourself . the last two months are full of unexpected good luck , several blessings , hugs and kisses , too ! $ the world is a beautiful place , and this year you may find ways to enjoy and perhaps care for more of it . the year begins more concerned with the mundane but important daily life issues , but with no upsets or setbacks here your attention may begin to expand to bigger realms of your life . horizons may broaden in november when friends become interested in new places , cultures , or simply new restaurants . be good to yourself ( and your stomach ) in february . work seems steady and not overly demanding . if you 're not growing flowers , a lover may start bringing them before year 's end ! $ be articulate and charming this year , and perhaps speak for those who cannot speak for themselves . you know what matters . work and finances look stable enough to permit more public involvement - and enjoyment , too . cultivate diplomacy and find energetic companions in the first month . in november interact with sympathetic friends , but do not be overly ambitious . a home affair may need attention in january . people will offer help should you request it . respect your health and energy level in february . be highly visible in june . people will remember and seek you out again in july and august . better than fame - bask in good luck , good deeds , and love ! $ communicate with a lot of people and get your message across this year ! you know what you need , want , and would like to share with the world . it do not have to be in words . you 're already clever , but observe and develop more in october . money or some possession may also take on new meaning , so be alert . november is busy with friends and maybe some fantasies . budget your time . kick - start something big and wonderful at home in january . shine in public in june , and take that popularity with you to the end of the year . add great good luck , regal pleasures , and abiding love ! $ it 's a great year to focus on career and work - related plans and desires . if choosing or building a career , networking and word of mouth are two of your most powerful tools . your public presence and communication skills are topnotch , and you 'll be seen and heard , whatever you do . make it good ! your keenest discrimination ( and perhaps the most valuable lesson or insight of the year ) comes in october . be wise with money in november and quick to act in december . be bold with a partner in april . shine brightest in june , attracting a year 's worth of luck , love , and happiness ! $ work and home will cooperate and support each other for you this year , when there 's not an emotional tug of war happening . be practical , do your best wherever you are , and do not get pulled either way . make wise decisions in the first month , and do not second - guess yourself . be thoughtful with expenses in november . friends amuse you in december , but do not exhaust yourself or your credit line . someone at home may want you in january . springtime could freshen up the romance scene . be your best , most solid , and most popular at work in july . this shines straight into your home and love life through year 's end ! $ feelings and emotional attachments drive a lot of this year for you , especially about your work and public image . if you 're shy , it may be uncomfortable for a while , but there are advantages to a high profile . act thoughtfully in october . something nice could become affordable in november . let others do the loud talking in december . something you already love at home could improve in january . be flattered by a repeat offer of love in the spring . gain more support , experience , and respect in june . your heart leads the way through a year of brilliant achievements and great love ! $ enjoy great social activities and being part of a larger crowd ! reserve energy for home and other daily needs , but break out of the mold . if not yet up for excitement , sit quietly until the spirit moves you . honor your own needs and opinions in the first month , enjoy mutual material support with a loved one in november , then brace yourself for a busy , buoyant december . invitations , phone calls , and texts - some romantic - pour in during the springtime . screen those calls in april . august glitters with happy company and big events . slow down but do not cool down in the last month , when love may be sweetest ! $ many lucky chance encounters can happen for you this year ! you might never meet again , but your lives and hearts will be touched , perhaps in a deep , permanent way . the first month is rich with self - discovery . be grateful for insights and lessons . finances are stable and sensible in november and remain so even when tested by social demands late in the year . do what matters to you in december - good friends will join you . a brash love interest may find ( or re - find ) you in april or may , to return yet again in august . keep your heart strong ! it 's a magnificent , memorable year ! $ feel regal and act with nobility ! that 's how people see you , however you feel . strong , true feelings and powerful , clear thoughts are yours in october . remember or write these down . an old favorite comfort may sustain you through any insecurity in november . be gentle but firm if challenged by friends in december . healing dreams are yours in february . be realistic and health conscious , too . a romantic fling or celebrating the anniversary of one brightens your world in april and may . daily responsibilities remain under control and in the background , so the last two months can be as fun filled and socially satisfying as you please ! $ form your own impressions and make your own observations this year . your firsthand experience has never been so important . the first month , a karmic discovery awaits you to put a few puzzle pieces together . trust your judgment in november , but do not be too proud to double - check , particularly regarding money . a false impression or too much wishful thinking in february could be corrected near the end of the year . it 's never too late - or too early - to raise that psychic antenna and sharpen those powers of rational thought . your heart will benefit , too , and attract just the right kind of love and lover ! $ be your most charming and persuasive this year one on one . social and public settings will be pleasant and successful enough , but you 'll excel on the more intimate stage . late in october be considerate of others and yourself . combine shrewdness and tact to your financial advantage in november . if you take more initiative on the romance scene in april , it may still be hard to resist some old , cozy groove . regardless , enjoy the good times . good luck and high spirits in august may be fun but not so easy to share . the last month is all yours for your heart to treasure ! $ step into your own light this year ! a karmic peek into your own mind is possible in october . get finances and expenses under firmer control in november . fun and adventures near to home are on your cosmic agenda in december . friends will encourage this . love and be loved in a bolder and more vocal way in march . disagreements should not be necessary . even you should notice a more self - confident , outgoing mood by july and august . connect better with more people in the last two months , and leave room in your heart for that most intimate and special one ! $ it 's a year of self - discovery , and the awakening of new passions and self - love ! remember any birthday dreams and let a week pass before looking for hidden meanings . be financially responsible and solid in november , just on principle . you 're on sound footing . you may need some amusement with friends in december . love , with all its thrills and risks , enlivens the springtime . you will not have to be outrageous to get noticed . your social life heats up in august . be popular and see new places with new people . pay more attention to your health and appearance in the last month . it will make you even more lovable and charming ! $ be so mentally sharp and observant that others suspect you of reading their minds . overlook nothing , however small , and then easily make sense of what the world shows you . your psychic talents ( and they 're considerable ) are in addition to these mental skills . be at your best in october , and use what you learn all year long . december is active with friends , neighbors , and casual acquaintances . february is creative , fun , and dreamy . love sparkles and amazes you in march and april . be the figurehead in your social set in august ( although you do not have to pick up every tab ) . it 's a powerful , empowering year ! $ material well - being and basic financial health may attract your attention this year . the first month may give you a clearer picture of where and what you want to be in relation to others and the world at large . you may feel a tinge of insecurity and dissatisfaction in november and december . hold yourself to realistic standards ( not impossible ones ) , do the spreadsheet , and see that you 're really fine and under control . indulge in more free - spirited thoughts and pleasures in february . be relaxed but diligent all year long , and enjoy a few glamorous moments in august . it 's a year of love and treasures ! $ you may discover that the world really does love you and that you are your severest critic . finances may come under close personal scrutiny this year , especially in november and december . be reasonable and realistic , then treat yourself as well as you try to treat others . why imagine crises far worse than anything real ? spend time with friends in december . enjoy artistic , spiritual , or just plain fun in february . you deserve it . follow your heart and surprise yourself in april . be safe , of course . be more big - hearted in august and let others enjoy your company . let others love you at year 's end !